############
##cogensum##
############

#summac result check

15
Many people long to win the lottery and enjoy the trappings of wealth. But for one woman, securing a job at the Pokemon Centre in Japan would be her dream come true. Lisa Courtney, of Hertfordshire, has spent most of her life collecting Pokemon memorabilia of all shapes and sizes. Lisa's mother had to move to the smallest room in the house to make room for her daughter's collection . Lisa Courtney, of Hertfordshire, has spent most of her life collecting Pokemon memorabilia . Indeed the 26-year-old has amassed so many during her 17-year hobby, she now holds the Guinness World Record for the largest collection of Pokemon items, having 25,000 of them spread around the home she shares with her mother, Sharon. 'I just love Pokemon so much - there's just something about it that brings joy to me every day,' said Lisa. Her fixation with the Japanese characters started at the age of nine when she saw a picture of the cartoon's protagonist, Pikachu in a Nintendo magazine. Her collection of the Nintendo franchise has grown so large that her mother  had to move from the largest to the smallest room in their house to make room for her vast array of cuddly toys, models, clothing, badges, flannels and posters. Lisa clinched the Guinness World Record for the largest collection of Pokemon memorabilia in 2009 when she had 12,113 items, but that hasn't stopped her from collecting more. The devoted fan even travelled to Japan when the 11th Pokemon movie was released to get hold of exclusive merchandise that wasn't available in Europe. Lisa Courtney searches for Pokemon items online at her home . Lisa Courtney owns the world's largest collection of Pokemon memorabilia . 'I went for the release of the eleventh Pokemon movie in an attempt to get some exclusive Shaymin merchandise - it was amazing,' she said. Despite having to sacrifice her bedroom, Lisa's mother and the rest of her family are very supportive of her obsession and even buy her more items for special occasions. 'The first toy I ever got was a large Psyduck plush toy from Japan - my mother and grandmother ordered it from a mail order company before Pokemon hit the UK,' she said. 'We had to guess what we were ordering because the names of the Pokemon hadn't even been translated into English yet.' For Lisa, Pokemon isn't simply a cartoon, the programme really helped her through a very difficult stage of her life. For Lisa, Pokemon isn't simply a cartoon, the programme helped her through a very difficult stage of her life . 'I started collecting when I was getting bullied at school, Pokemon was the only thing that made me feel happy.' Sharon Courtney said she did not mind moving to a smaller bedroom as Pokemon was so important to her daughter. 'I love Pokemon now. It helped Lisa through horrific times when she was at school and was kicked in the head and the back. 'Every time she came home and was tearful she would go to Pokemon and she would be smiling. 'She would love to work in Japan at the Pokemon Centre - more than winning the lottery - that would be her dream!' Lisa appears on Collectaholics on BBC2 at 7pm last night . Lisa spends seven hours a week on the internet browsing for new Pokemon releases to buy and trade, she also visits car-boot sales  hunting for rare memorabilia to add to her collection. 'I try and get new merchandise as soon as the new characters come out - it's often difficult as they are only available in Japan and America or are too expensive,' she added. Despite trying to save money where she can Lisa does own one particular item that she is sure must be worth a fortune. 'My most valuable piece is my large Ho-Oh plush toy, it was a prize in Japan, only available in raffles and in their amusement arcades. I bought mine for £60 online. 'I will always collect Pokemon, here's always something new to get. 'For me, Pokemon is like an additional family - it always lifts my spirits.' Watch Collectaholics on BBC iPlayer.

lisa courtney, of hertfordshire, has spent most of her life collecting pokemon memorabilia. she now holds the guinness world record for the largest collection of pokemon memorabilia. her mother had to move to the house to make room for her daughter's collection.

错误：把小房子腾出来，不是搬到房子里

101
Tough new regulations will allow for a crackdown on notorious party houses on the Gold Coast after years of complaints about boozing and scantily-clad women. Gold Coast City Council will finally be able to shut down illegal party houses in suburban areas after the state government approved new planning powers, the Gold Coast Bulletin reports. There are more than 700 party houses across the city, which are often used for unruly weekend-long parties that distress and terrify neighbours due to noise, nudity, lewd behaviour and violence. Tough new regulations will allow for a crackdown on notorious party houses on the Gold Coast after years of complaints about boozing and scantily-clad women . The new powers, approved by Deputy Premier and Planning Minister Jackie Trad, means there is now an official and legal definition of a party house so the council can enforce laws to shut them down in certain areas. If an illegal party house is reported to the council, authorities will be able to force the owner of the property to apply for a development application. If they refuse the council can legally shut them down. Party houses are just short-term accommodation options that people regularly rent out for rowdy events like Bucks parties. Police have often been called in after neighbours complained about noise and lewd behaviour at some of the houses across the Broadbeach, Mermaid Beach, Mermaid Waters and Surfers Paradise areas. Gold Coast City Council will finally be able to shut down illegal party houses in suburban areas after the state government approved new planning powers . There are more than 700 party houses across the city, which are often used for unruly weekend-long parties that distress and terrify neighbours due to noise, nudity, lewd behaviour and violence . Some residents who live near a party house have said they are afraid to leave their homes while a weekend-long party is raging and are tormented by the noise and activities next door. Burleigh councillor Greg Betts told the Gold Coast Bulletin the crackdown would begin this month. 'This is a planning issue which means that the criteria of what is allowed to be a party house is strict and those people operating them will have to apply to have this status,' he said. 'If they fail to get this approval but continue to operate we can shut them down.' The former state government introduced new laws last year allowing council to institute 'party house restriction areas' where short-term rental properties will be forbidden from operating. Party houses are just short-term accommodation options that people regularly rent out for rowdy events like Bucks parties . Some residents who live near a party house have said they are afraid to leave their homes while a weekend-long party is raging and are tormented by the noise and activities next door .

gold coast council approved new planning powers. there are more than 700 party houses across the city. new powers approved by deputy premier and planning minister jackie trad. tough new regulations will allow for a crackdown on the gold coast. tough new regulations will allow for a crackdown on notorious party houses.

错误：是state goverment approved,不是gold coast council

102
A professional Kate Middleton lookalike has said the royal mother dresses 'too boring' for her age - and admits that she fancies Prince Harry more than William. Jodie Bredo, 26, from Essex, has been a Kate lookalike for six years and wishes the Duchess of Cambridge would 'change her hair for once' - suggesting she opt for a bob style. Jodie, who is now single after splitting from her boyfriend, said of the Duchess, who is expecting her second child: 'Kate’s just too frumpy for her age. Scroll down for video . She often does jobs with a Prince William lookalike (left) but says she fancies the younger Prince Harry more . Jodie Bredo, 26, (pictured) has been a professional Kate Middleton lookalike for the past six years . 'I know I'm seven years younger than her but she should dress more fun. I like wearing fitted dresses and showing my figure off. I’d love her to get something more fashionable like a bob.' Miss Bredo admits she does not fancy Prince William and is not tempted to have her own happy ending like the royal couple. She said: 'I do lots of jobs with a William lookalike, but I don’t see him like that. Prince Harry's the better one. His bad boy image is more for me.' Although her counterpart is in the Lindo Wing at St Mary's Hospital in London currently awaiting her second child, Miss Bredo is not keen to start a family herself. The glamorous Essex resident said: 'I've recently broken up with a long-term boyfriend so I’m not thinking about babies. 'Kate’s new baby isn’t making me broody,' said the lookalike (with her nephew Louis). 'I've got two nephews and one's the same age as Prince George - but it’s nice to hand them back to their mum at the end' 'I know I’m seven years younger than her but she should dress more fun,' said Miss Bredo (left). 'I like wearing fitted dresses and showing my figure off' 'Kate’s new baby isn’t making me broody. I’ve got two nephews and one's the same age as Prince George - but it’s nice to hand them back to their mum at the end.' Miss Bredo started her career after noticing her resemblance to the Duchess of Cambridge. She was routinely stopped in the street when Kate first came into the public eye while dating Prince William. She said: 'I was shopping in Debenhams with my mum when this woman came running after us. 'I thought I’d left something, but she just said, "I have to tell you, you look so much after Kate Middleton." 'Even at the opticians having my eyes tested, the optometrist told me I looked like her. Miss Bredo (left, with her mum and sister) began her career after people kept commenting on her likeness to Kate Middleton . She sent an email to a lookalike agency with her photographs in 2009 and was hired for a shoot in Tatler . 'My family were on holiday in Cyprus and Kate was in the newspaper. My mum told me I looked like her and needed to do something with it.' Miss Bredo sent an email to a lookalike agency with her photographs in 2009. She said: 'I was accepted but didn’t hear from them about any jobs. I wasn’t too bothered. I was working as a personal assistant at the time and didn’t think about it. 'In March 2009, I had a call from them saying I had my first job. When they said it was for Tatler magazine, I couldn’t believe it. 'I took the day off and had to go to Aintree races, the shoot was based around what they thought Kate should be wearing. I was in these mad outfits. 'This one dress had plastic panelling all down the arms so I couldn't even move my arm to have a drink.' After the royal couple’s engagement in October 2010, Miss Bredo (third from left) began working as a lookalike full-time . After the royal couple’s engagement in October 2010, Miss Bredo began working as a lookalike full-time. She said: 'I had so many calls I was doing four to five days a week, appearing at corporate events and doing shoots. 'It was really strange, people wanting a picture with me, but I got into it and really had fun.' Miss Bredo studies Kate’s mannerisms as well as following her beauty regime. She said: 'I have regular trims to keep my hair looking good, every two months and curl the ends the same as Kate. 'Her signature look is a lot of black eyeliner so I get through that really quickly. 'I spend £30 a month buying black eyeliner. My favourite brand is Bare Minerals. She has regular trims to keep her hair in good shape, spends £30 a month on black eyeliner, has regular manicures and buys clothes that are distinctly 'Kate' Since the duchess gave birth to Prince George last year, Miss Bredo (middle) has had plenty of shoots with tots and has even has to wear a baby bump . 'She also wears very harsh blusher and has natural nails so I give myself regular manicures.' Miss Bredo spends hours searching for the Duchess on the internet so she can keep up-to-date with her wardrobe. She said: 'If she’s wearing something new, I’ll try and find it but it’s usually sold out instantly. 'I know what kind of clothes she’ll wear now. 'When I’m going clothes shopping I’ll choose some things that I think are "Kate." 'I picked up this black and white spotted dress and my mum didn't think it was something the Duchess of Cambridge would wear. 'Then I saw a picture of her when she was pregnant with George – it was the same one I’d bought. 'I think she’s copying me now.' Kate Middleton (pictured in London on 12 March) is due to give birth to her second child with Prince William any day now . Miss Bredo usually appears with a William lookalike and their after-work drinks get plenty of attention. She said: 'You can tell people are staring and some people take sneaky pictures of us. 'But a lot of people come up and ask to take a picture, it’s funny we’re just two friends having a drink. 'Even on my own I get lots of double takes – especially if I’m in London.' Since the duchess gave birth to Prince George, aged one, Miss Bredo has had plenty of shoots with tots. She said: 'I’ve got used to holding babies now and when I do events they provide me with a bump. 'I’m looking to forward to losing that now she’s having the baby.'

jodie bredo, 26, has been a professional kate middleton lookalike. jodie bredo has been a kate lookalike for six years. miss bredo admits she does not fancy prince william. she often does jobs with a prince harry more. jodie is expecting her second child: 'kate's just too frumpy for her age' the royal mother dresses 'too boring' for her age.

错误：是kate将要生第二个孩子，不是jodie bredo

109
Kim Kardashian has launched an outspoken attack on President Obama for refusing to use the word 'genocide' as he marked the 100th anniversary of the massacre of 1.5 million Armenians. The reality star said it was 'very disappointing' that he stopped short of using the word - which he had promised to use when he ran for office. Kardashian, whose Armenian heritage comes from her father, the late Robert Kardashian, has used her celebrity since  2011 to bring awareness to the genocide. Marking the anniversary of the mass murder at the weekend, Kardashian wrote in an op-ed in Time magazine: 'I would like President Obama to use the word "genocide". It’s very disappointing he hasn’t used it as President. 'We thought it was going to happen this year. I feel like we’re close — but we’re definitely moving in the right direction. ' Scroll down for video . Kim and Khloe Kardashian laid flowers at the Dzidzernagapert Armenian genocide monument’s eternal flame during their April 10 visit. Marking the anniversary of the mass murder last weekend, Kim Kardashian wrote in an op-ed, 'I would like President Obama to use the word “genocide.” It’s very disappointing he hasn’t used it as President' Tricky language: President Barack Obama sent an administration official to Armenia to mark the 100th anniversary of the 1915 massacre by Ottoman Turks. But he refused to call the mass killings of ethnic Armenians a 'genocide' for fear of offending ally Turkey . Slaughter: Historians estimate that 1.5 million Armenians were killed by Ottoman Turks during World War I. Above, Armenians are made to march in this picture from the 1915 massacre . Kim and Khloe walk in the plaza at the Armenian Genocide Memorial. They were accompanied by their cousins Kara and Kourtni and Kim's husband Kanye West. Kim and Khloe's  Armenian heritage comes from their father, the late Robert Kardashian . As a senator and presidential candidate, Obama did describe the killings of Armenians as genocide. But he has never used that description since taking office, mainly out of deference to Turkey, a key U.S. partner. The White House said U.S. officials pledged to Armenian-American leaders that the U.S. would use last week's 100th anniversary of the killings 'to urge a full, frank and just acknowledgement of the facts,' but a statement about the meeting did not include the word 'genocide.' Historians estimate up to 1.5 million Armenians were killed by Ottoman Turks, an event widely viewed by scholars as a genocide. Turkey, however, denies that the deaths constituted genocide because it was not an ethnic-driven battle and says the death toll has been inflated. Democratic Rep. Adam Schiff also said he was 'deeply disappointed' by the president's decision. 'The United States has long prided itself for being a beacon of human rights, for speaking out against atrocity, for confronting painful chapters of its own past and that of others,' said Schiff. 'This cannot be squared with a policy of complicity in genocide denial by the president or Congress.' Kardashian, who recently traveled to the country for the first time with her husband Kanye West, sister Khloe and cousins Kara and Kourtni Kardashian, said, 'Now is the time to speak out, and every little bit helps' 'I will continue to ask the questions and fight for the genocide to be recognized for what it was,' the reality television star said, encouraging Turkey to label the killings as a genocide. 'It’s not the fault of the people who live there now, ' she noted, and 'I think if they recognize it and acknowledge it, everyone can move on. 'I believe in moving on and looking toward a brighter future, but you can’t move on unless you acknowledge the past. To not do so is an act of disrespect.' Paying their respects: Kim has used her celebrity status to bring awareness to the genocide since at least 2011. The Pope has also called the slaughter 'the first genocide of the 20th century' Kim and Kanye are pictured here with daughter North West and Khloe as they walk inside church hallways to view art prior to baptism in at Cathedral of Sts. James in the historic Armenian Quarter of the Old City of Jerusalem last year for Norrie's christening . Kardashian recalled in the op-ed that her family tree would have ended if her grandparents hadn't left Armenia for Los Angeles the year before the armed conflict. 'There are so many people who lost their families, and the stories of how they were killed are so heartbreaking—they should never be forgotten,' she wrote. 'The whole point of remembering the genocide is to make sure it doesn’t happen again. A million-and-a-half people were brutally massacred, and a country can just pretend like it never happened? I don’t think that’s right.' While in Armenia, Kardashian and her family visited the Dzidzernagapert Armenian Genocide monument’s eternal flame that honors those countryman who were killed in 1915. 'An emotional day at the genocide museum,' read a tweet posted by Kim that was accompanied by a photo of her and Khloe laying flowers at the flame. Kardashian has been publicly calling for the deaths to be recognized as a genocide since 2011, when she wrote in a blog post, 'Every year, I honor the memory of the martyrs who were killed during the 1915 Armenian Genocide. Even though so many countries around the world recognize the Genocide, the government of Turkey still denies it. 'It happened before Rwanda, Darfur, and the Holocaust. Maybe none of those other genocides would have happened if more nations had condemned the Armenian Genocide, when 1.5 million Armenians were massacred.' During their trip to her ancestors' homeland, Kim, Khloe and their cousins met with the country's Prime Minister, Hovik Abrahamyan, who 'expressed how proud they are that we are proud Armenians and we have not forgotten our roots!' Kim said in a tweet. Kim's husband Kanye also threw an impromptu bash and free concert in Yerevan at Swan Lake before departing Armenia for Jerusalem, Israel - the location of their daughter's christening at an Armenian church in 2014. The Kardashians also visited the Geghard Monastery during their trip to Armenia . Khloe wrote in a tweet on the day of their visit to the genocide memorial: 'My sister and I are trying to bring awareness not only to our Armenian genocide but genocides and human slaughter, in general. Knowledge is power!' 'The Kardashians have helped strike a powerful blow at Turkey's campaign of genocide denial,' ANCA communications director told ABC News after the visit. Their trip to Armenia 'has helped shine a global spotlight' on the genocide and 'the need for justice for that crime with millions,' she said. Khloe also kept the campaign going after she returned home, asking her fan base on Twitter to sign a Change.org petition 'to bring awareness to the Armenian genocide' by requesting that Google highlight the conflict with its homepage doodle on the anniversary of the killings, April 24. 'I did!!!' she said. As of Friday  the online petition had garnered more than 202,129 supporters, beating its goal of 200,000 names. Google did not wade in the controversy by adopting the suggested doodle, however. The White House said last week that while it understands the perspective of those hoping to hear different language from Obama this year, the administration believes its approach is right, 'both for acknowledging the past, and for our ability to work with regional partners to save lives in the present.' It announced at the same time that Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew would attend a ceremony in Armenia on Friday making the anniversary. 'President Obama's surrender to Turkey represents a national disgrace,' Armenian National Committee of America Chairman (ANCA) Ken Hachikian said in a statement. 'It is, very simply, a betrayal of truth, a betrayal of trust.' The Pope added his name this year to the list of high-profile leaders characterizing the 1915 slaughter as the 'first genocide of the 20th Century.' He further proclaimed that 'concealing or denying evil is like allowing a wound to keep bleeding without bandaging it.' Ties that bind: The Kardashian family tree that traces back to two Molokan Armenian families . Home: Kim Kardashian's ancient ancestors fled the Armenian village Karakale (pictured recently) to escape a prophecised genocide that DID come to pass . Genocide: The village of Karakale (pictured in the 19th Century) was among hundreds destroyed as the Ottoman Empire laid waste to the region. Residents - possibly including the Kardashians - can be seen standing by their traditional houses . Disputed: Armenian lands (in red) were disputed just after the turn of the 20th Century, with bloody consequences . Armenians say up to 1.5 million of their kin were killed between 1915 and 1917 as the Ottoman Empire was falling apart and have long sought to win international recognition of the massacres as genocide. Turkey rejects the claims, arguing that 300,000 to 500,000 Armenians and as many Turks died in civil strife when Armenians rose up against their Ottoman rulers and sided with invading Russian troops. The fundamental division was religious. Armenians are Christians, while Turks are Muslims. The two groups had lived alongside each other for hundreds of years, but the Ottoman Turks had always been on top. As Ottoman rule crumbled, rival nationalisms arose, and the Russian Empire - itself to experience revolution in 1917 - also invaded. Armenians say they were forced from their homes, marched to mass graves and slaughtered. Some managed to flee south into modern-day Syria and the Levant, others to Russian-held land which is now modern-day Armenia. Hundreds of thousands met a violent end or died as they fled. The outcome in terms of mass death is not now widely disputed. But the use of the word 'genocide' is hugely controversial, as Turkey - successor to the Ottoman empire, and with a huge majority of Muslim ethnic Turks - rejects the description. Armenia, which became a fully-fledged nation in its modern form at the collapse of the Soviet Union, has campaigned for recognition of its description of the deaths. Its modern borders are much smaller than the areas where the deaths occurred. The province of Kars (above), where the Kardashians' roots - and the origin of their name - lies, is almost entirely in Turkey. Its capital, Kars, is now a symbol of the division over the deaths between the two countries: it sits on the border but the frontier is closed.

kim kardashian has launched an outspoken attack on obama for refusing to use the word 'genocide' he said it was 'very disappointing' that he stopped short of using word. she has used her celebrity since 2011 to bring awareness to the genocide. president obama sent an administration official to mark the 100th anniversary of the 1915 massacre. kim and khloe kardashian laid flowers at the dzidzernagapert armenian genocide monument. historians estimate that 1.5 million armenians were killed by ottoman turks.

错误：是奥巴马干的事情令人disappointing,不是奥巴马说的disappointing

110
Pet aquarium fish are being dumped in rivers where they damage unique local ecosystems by growing up to twenty times their regular size. Goldfish are being caught weighing up to 2kg and koi carp up to 8kg and one metre in length, in the waterways of Western Australia amongst other exotic introduced species. 'A lot of these fish are much larger than the native fish, so they prey on them and compete for habitat,' Dr David Morgan, the Director of the Centre for Fish and Fisheries Research at Murdoch University, told Daily Mail Australia. Scroll down for video . Goldfish (pictured) weighing up to 2kg are some of the exotic aquarium fish invading and destroying WA's waterways . Koi carp (pictured) weighing up to 8kg and up to one metre in length are another of the 13 introduced pests . The native fish in the region, such as this Balston's Pygmy Perch which has been attacked, are only up 10cm . 'Our native fish are generally less than 10cm in length like the pygmy perch or the native minnows. 'In the south-west of Western Australia 90 per cent of the fish and 100 per cent of the crayfish are only found there, so the rivers are refuges for the native fish and when they are forced to coexist with introduced species, they just don't do very well.' Aside from feasting on local fish and taking their homes, introduced species are also bringing exotic parasites and disease with them. 'In Perth we're aware of a couple of parasites. One is pretty devastating on native fish, it's an anchor worm which is a little crustacean that leaves a hideous, hideous impact on native fish and was probably introduced by goldfish. A huge Murray River Cod was removed from a Perth wetland in Novemeber last year: 'A lot of these fish are much larger than the native fish, so they prey on them and compete for habitat,' Dr David Morgan, the Director of the Centre for Fish and Fisheries Research at Murdoch University, said . Pest carps: 'In the south-west of Western Australia 90 per cent of the fish and 100 per cent of the crayfish are only found there,' he added . 'We've now found it in three rivers around Perth and south of Perth. 'It's been only in the last decade that we've discovered a lot of parasites and disease that we don't know a lot about - there's a lot of things that have come in to Australia that we really don't know anything about.' Research conducted by Dr Morgan and Stephen Beatty found that at least 13 species of fish had been introduced into south-western Australia, with pet owners believed to be the biggest culprits. In 2012, the world's biggest ever specimen of a South American cichlid was found living in WA. 'Goldfish in captivity generally remain orange, grow to about 10-15 cm and weigh less than 100g – in the wild in WA they get to 2KG and 40cm,' Dr Morgan said . Pet owners who have dumped their aquarium fish in rivers are the culprits behind the invasion . In 2012, the world's biggest ever specimen of a South American cichlid (pictured) was found living in WA . 'Effectively people are unknowingly doing it - or occasionally they deliberately do it for fish to catch - but they're basically released by pet owners, so people aren't really aware what damage they're going to have in the ecosystem,' Dr Morgan said. 'What you see up and down Western Australia's coast is a lot of pest fishes are right in town centres and almost every town has one.' The problem is not unique to Australia. Many countries with Mediterranean climates have also had their waterways invaded by aquarium fish which, due to being extremely easy to breed, take off when in the wild. 'Education is our best solution, once fish get in the waterways they're extremely difficult to eradicate,' Dr Morgan, whose organisation euthanizes hundreds of the pests after catching them through electric fishing, said. Introduced species also bring exotic parasites and disease with them . The problem is not unique to Australia. Many countries with Mediterranean climates have also had their waterways invaded by aquarium fish which, due to being extremely easy to breed, take off when in the wild .

goldfish weighing up to 2kg are some of the exotic aquarium fish invading. goldfish are being caught weighing up to 2kg and one metre in length. the native fish in the region are only up 10cm. fish are much larger than the native fish, so they prey on them and compete for habitat. koi carp weighing up to 8kg.

错误：是koi carp one metre in length,不是goldfish one metre in length

114
Bournemouth are set to hold off on expanding the capacity of their 12,000-seater Goldsands Stadium - as a tactic to help them next season. The away contingent are currently crammed into a corner of the ground between the South Stand and the East Stand. Manager Eddie Howe prefers the away fans not to be behind one of the goals to give his players a psychological advantage when they are playing in front of a home crowd. Bournemouth will not look to increase the capacity of their 12,000-seater Goldsands Stadium . Premier League rules state clubs must give the away fans 10 per cent of their overall allocation . Bournemouth officials are considering doubling the South Stand from its current 2,500 seats to 5,000, taking the whole capacity to just less than 15,000. However, Premier League regulations state that clubs must provide at least 10 per cent of their overall allocation of tickets for away supporters. This would mean that, should Bournemouth press ahead with the expansion, away fans might then have to be positioned behind one of the goals - against Howe’s wishes. Last year, the possibility of increasing the stadium to 18,000 by filling in all four corners was discussed, but the logistics of that make it unlikely. Just to expand the South Stand would cost the club £1.8million and, over the course of a season, they would only accrue £900,000 in ticket sales. Any construction would, therefore, be for the benefit of fans as opposed to any financial advantage. Manager Eddie Howe is reluctant to change the position of the away fans to behind the goal . With a capacity of 12,000 Bournemouth look set to have the smallest ground in the Premier League . The club will have to install undersoil heating during the summer to adhere to Premier League rules, something which was not a requirement in the Championship. The press box, which at present separates home and away fans in the East Stand, will also move to the opposite side of the pitch to be closer to the dugouts. Stewards or netting would be put between supporters from either side to keep them apart during matches. Bournemouth only had the South Stand built when they won promotion to the Championship in 2013, such has been their rapid rise up the football pyramid.s

bournemouth are set to hold off on expanding capacity of 12,000-seater goldsands stadium. away contingent currently crammed into a corner of the ground between the south stand and the east stand. premier league rules state clubs must give away fans 10 per cent of their overall allocation. eddie howe prefers the goals to give his players a psychological advantage.

错误：eddie howe prefers the away fans not to be behind one of the goals to give his players a psychological advantage 不是 give his players a psychological advantage.

136
Caledonia, Michigan (CNN)Ben and Shelby Offrink met in college. It wasn't the most romantic setting -- a study group for calculus-based physics -- but Ben managed to turn it into a story worth telling by cheating. "I set up a study group and ended up telling the other people not to come so it would be just the two of us," said Ben with a smile. "He was sneaky," says Shelby. "Yeah, I wanted to meet her," says Ben, "and that was the best way I could figure out." Fast-forward eight years to 2014. Ben, now 34, and Shelby, a newly minted 30-year-old, were married and raising little Maeve, 3, and baby Hazel, 3 months, in Caledonia, Michigan, when life suddenly turns upside down. "I thought it was sciatica," Shelby says of the back pain and the "odd" feeling that prompted her to go to the hospital. "But I couldn't get the doctors in the ER to pay attention. So I went back the next day and told them that I was incontinent, and they did an MRI and there it was." "It" turned out to be an intramedullary glioblastoma, a highly aggressive form of brain cancer. Shelby's version was extremely rare because it was lodged in her spine instead of her brain. "So it's actually tangled into the spinal cord itself," Ben explains. "If you'd imagine a meatball inside of bunch of spaghetti, you can't just easily take it out without damaging a bunch of the spinal cord itself." Surgery removed 75%. The rest was treated with a combination of oral chemo and radiation. But suddenly a second spot above the first grew worse and the area of radiation had to be broadened. After a week of treatment, Shelby suddenly lost feeling in her legs. Unfortunately, the numbness became permanent. Before long, Shelby was paralyzed from the belly button down. But that didn't stop her fighting spirit or her sense of humor. Shelby nicknamed her tumors and decided to "terminate" them. "You pronounce it as 'tumah tumah-nator,'" Ben says. "Like how Arnold Schwarzenegger would say it if he had a tumor." As Shelby continued to fight and improve, in August 2014, Ben got some terrible news. The Hodgkins lymphoma he had fought and battled into remission when he was 20 had reappeared. And it probably had been hiding in his body for a few years, making it extremely hard to overcome. "I thought it was never a concern again," Ben says. "The procedures I went through, having a bone marrow transplant, I thought there wouldn't be any issues. It's been over 15 years. It caught everyone completely off guard." Ben was slated for a clinical trial with an experimental drug, but his alkaline phosphate levels were too high to meet the requirements. With no other options in the Grand Rapids, Ann Arbor or Detroit areas, he is now on generalized chemotherapy, hoping it will force the cancer into remission so he can undergo a bone marrow transplant. Two donors have been found that are a perfect match, if the cancer will respond. "As it goes on, they are saying it's getting harder and harder to treat," he says. "It's just like a car picking up speed. Eventually you're going to have 5 million cells, it's just going to keep growing and growing." Suddenly, both parents were undergoing the nausea, fatigue and discomfort of chemotherapy while trying to raise two small children. "Some days it does feel like a battle," Ben admits. "The days you are feeling absolutely horrible you don't even want to get out of bed, but you know you have to because you have to take care of the girls or help Shelby. Some days it's just way tougher than others." Friends and family became critical to the family's success, taking over updates to the family's online journal, and running fundraisers for medical expenses and building supplies to make the house wheelchair-friendly. "We'd had an amazing support group," Ben says. "Shelby has friends from high school who will drop everything to help us out at a moment's notice. And the community, it's just amazing for people to help that much. " "Even outside of our community, people we don't even know," adds Shelby, wiping a tear from her eye. "We've had care packages sent from Ireland, Sweden and Australia. It means a lot." This January came the worst news yet. Shelby's cancer, which had retreated from her spine, suddenly appeared in her brain. Three tumors. Inoperable. What is Shelby's reaction? "I'm not giving up," she says. "Ben and I have a long road ahead of us. We know it's going to be hard, but we're going to do it." "For me it's just something that you have to do," Ben says. "You have to fight it and you have to beat it because there is no option." Maeve, who is 4 years old now, and Hazel, 1, will have a home with Ben's brother if the worst is to happen, and friends are setting up fundraisers for the girls' education. But that's not the focus of Ben and Shelby's fight. They want to get well. "Yeah, we have two little ladies we have to take care of," Shelby says, "and lots of family and friends that care about us." "She's not just doing it for herself, she's doing it for her whole family, especially her girls and her husband, Ben," said Jay Tomczak, Shelby's older brother. "She's not going to ever give up. What we really need is hope." The Offrinks would like help finding clinical trials to address the rare cancers they are fighting, as well as access to cancer centers with more advanced techniques than are available in Michigan. "We're going to get all of our information and would like to go to Harvard or Mayo (Clinic) or places where maybe they do have more experience, and act in a shorter time frame," Shelby says. "If, right now, we can find two or three trials that maybe Shelby can get into, or a trial drug for me to try instead of the path I'm on right now, it could definitely benefit us," adds Ben. "We just can't wait," Shelby says. Her prognosis is about six months, she says, and a year for her husband. "Never give up, because there's no reason to. Just keep fighting," Shelby says. She breaks into tears: "Especially when you have someone special to fight for and everyone has someone special to fight for -- there's no one who doesn't."

ben, now 34, and baby hazel, 3 months, were married in caledonia, michigan. shelby's version was lodged in her spine instead of her brain. the rest was treated with a combination of chemo and radiation. ben was slated for a clinical trial with an experimental drug.

错误：ben和shelby结婚，不是和3岁小孩结婚

148
The family of a murdered mother have spoken of their fury after it was revealed that she tried to call 999 hours before she was killed but call handlers failed to alert police. Karen Catherall, 45, was viciously beaten and strangled to death by Darren Jeffreys, who she met only weeks earlier on dating site Plenty of Fish. The pair had been drinking at the pub before she returned to her home in Gwernaffield near Mold, Flintshire, North Wales, when Jeffreys, 47, followed and attacked in an alcohol-fuelled rage. Scroll down for video . Karen Catherall, 45, (right) was brutally murdered by Darren Jefferys (left) who she met on a dating site just weeks before her death. He was jailed for a minimum of 17 and a half years in February . He only called paramedics the following morning and claimed he thought Ms Catherall was sleeping, but later admitted murder and was jailed for life in February. Police have since told the family that the mother-of-two made a 999 call from her mobile just after she returned from the pub, which went through to BT to deal with. Operators at the telecommunications company connects both mobile and landline numbers with the requested emergency service and follow strict protocol. But when Ms Catherall called on September 13, last year, the call handler said they could not hear anything and therefore did not connect the call to the police or send help. Her mother, Glenys Keir, 74, and sister Lorraine Humphreys, 49, have slammed BT for not taking action at the time which they claim could have saved their sister. However, BT says its handlers acted appropriately and in line with police guidance not to pass on calls where there is 'nothing to indicate there is any problem'. Mrs Keir said: 'When we found out Karen had been murdered our whole world fell apart. 'But as we were starting to come to terms with it all, to then hear that a 999 call had been made from her mobile the night she died, it stirred up all of those emotions we had felt when we first found out Karen had been killed. Her family (mother, Glenys Keir, left, and sister, Lorraine Humphreys, right) were told by police that she had tried to make a 999 call just hours before her murder but the call was ended when operated got no response . Ms Catherall (left) had been drinking in the pub with Jeffreys (right) when he followed her home on September 13, last year. He didn't call paramedics until the following morning, claiming he thought she was asleep . 'It left us feeling sick to the stomach, devastated and fuming, knowing no one was there for Karen when she needed help. 'If they had got to her in time Karen might still be alive. She could have been here today. Now we'll always wonder if that may have been possible.' Police confirmed a 999 call was made from her mobile phone to BT  at around 7pm but it was disconnected after around 13 seconds and officers were not informed. Glenys Kier and her partner Esmor Evans leaving Mold Crown Court following the trial of their daughter's killer, Darren Jeffreys . The phone call was later enhanced by detectives, who discovered arguing could be heard in the background. Ms Catherall's family are calling on BT to review their procedures, and answer questions about the call. Mrs Keir said: 'Apparently the person who picked up believed there was silence at the end of the line. They must have assumed 999 had been dialled accidentally. 'It doesn't bear thinking about what might have happened if BT had connected the call to the police.' Ms Catherall's sister, Mrs Humphreys, a catering supervisor, added: 'You regularly hear of toddlers playing with their mum's mobile phone and ringing the emergency services by mistake. 'In those instances, the police often seem to trace the call and turn up on the doorstep. 'We want to know why that didn't happen when in this situation Karen so desperately needed their help. 'We know the police aren't to blame as they never received the call, but BT should be looking into this and reviewing their policies. 'The call might have been muffled or quiet at the other end of the line, but surely it's better to put it through to the police so they can send an officer and be safe rather than sorry. 'Who knows what the outcome might have been if they had reached her in time? We don't want any other families to lose a loved one and go through the pain we have.' A BT spokesman said: 'North Wales Police contacted BT on September 24, 2014 about whether we received an emergency call from a mobile phone number and we provided them with full details including a call recording. 'Our records show that we received the call at approximately 19.07 on September 13, 2014. 'There was no response to our operator's questioning and our operator heard nothing to indicate there was any problem before the caller ended the call after about 13 seconds. 'Police forces have requested that we do not connect such calls to them and our operator correctly followed the call handling process requested by the police.' Ms Catherall's family (pictured outside court) are calling on BT to review their procedures following the call . The 999 emergency number was set up in London in June 1937 after five women were killed in a fire. A committee discussed how telephone operators could identify emergency calls and the easy to remember 999 number was born. It was later rolled out in Glasgow and extended to all major towns and cities by 1948. Since then it has expanded massively with an average of 597,000 calls a week across the UK. BT operators answer the initial call from both landlines and mobiles and find out which emergency service is required before connecting the caller. The handler has to quickly establish whether the call is genuine before transferring them. In instances where they are met with silence they ask the caller to respond by either making a noise or coughing. This can narrow down the number of accidental or prank calls made, which account for about half of the 31 million calls made annually. Of the remaining 15.5million, 52 per cent go to police, 41 per cent to ambulance service, six per cent for fire and one per cent to the coastguard and cave and mountain rescue services. The spokesman also explained that in cases where they get no response from the caller, the operator will ask whether they can make a noise or cough. In this instance Ms Catherall apparently made no response and the phone call was terminated. Detective Inspector Mark Hughes, senior investigating officer at North Wales Police, confirmed the call. He said: 'During the early evening of September 13, 2014, a 999 call was made from the mobile phone of Karen Catherall. 'The phone call was received by the telephone company operator and managed in accordance with their policy but not directed onto North Wales Police, nor in fact any police force. 'I understand the circumstances surrounding the management of this phone call are now being reviewed by the Telephone Company following a request by Karen's family.' It was not until the early hours of the following morning, at 2.35am, that Jeffeys called emergency services, claiming that he thought she was sleeping off the alcohol and he was unable to wake her. But paramedics who arrived at the house found she had been dead for some time and there was also evidence he had tried to cover up the killing, Mold Crown Court was told. A post mortem examination revealed that her cause of death had been blunt force trauma to the head and asphyxiation. Jeffreys had denied killing his girlfriend when interviewed by police, but in December last year admitted the murder. Mr Justice Wyn Williams, hearing the case, said Jeffreys subjected Ms Catherall 'to a ferocious, sustained and in the end deadly attack'. He was sentenced to a minimum of 17 and a half years in prison.

karen catherall was viciously beaten and strangled to death by darren jeffreys. pair had been drinking at the pub before she returned to her home. he only called paramedics the following morning and claimed he was sleeping. karen catherall, 45, was jailed for a minimum of 17 and a half years in february. police have since told the family she made a 999 call from her mobile. family of a murdered mother have spoken of their fury after it was revealed. her mother, glenys keir, 74, and sister lorraine humphreys, 49, have slammed bt for not taking action. operators connects both mobile and landline numbers with the requested emergency service.

错误：是darren jeffreys was jailed for a minimum of 17 and a half years in february，不是Karen

151
The alleged racial profiling of suspects by police hit the headlines against last week following the fatal shooting of an unarmed, black father-of-four  during a routine traffic stop in South Carolina. But now, a young African-American man has released a video disputing claims that all white police officers treat suspects 'on the basis of their color', insisting that 'there are good cops out there'. In the footage, which has gone viral on social media, Will Stack, a 22-year-old U.S. Army National Guardsman, recounts his own experience with a 'Caucasian officer' in the state's Lexington County. He explains how he was pulling out of Lexington County Courthouse on Wednesday, to make a left turn, when he decided to use the empty median lane to access the left turn lane, which was full. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . 'Just because you're a cop doesn't mean you're bad': Will Stack, 22, a U.S. Army National Guardsman, has released a video (pictured) disputing claims that all white officers treat suspects 'on the basis of their color' Moments later, he was stopped by the cop for 'improper use of the median'. 'He told me what I did, asked for my license and registration, I gave that to him,' Mr Stack says in the selfie-style video. He continues: 'Now, I will say that why he was here with me, I made sure my hands were on the steering wheel, I made sure to speak very politely as I always do. I did what he told me to do. 'I handed him the information and I sat here and waited and turned my music down.' The officer left Mr Stack's car for a few minutes, before walking back and returning the documents to him. He then explained the proper use of the median to Mr Stack, telling him it 'needs to be open for emergency vehicles'. 'I was in the wrong, I didn't realize it. I did it out of habit,' Mr Stack admits. After acknowledging the officer's words, Mr Stack, a former Psychology student at the University of South Carolina, was given a warning and both him and the cop went their respective ways. In the video,  filmed minutes after the encounter and later posted on Mr Stack's Facebook page, where it has been viewed 1.7million times, Mr Stack goes on to explain why he is telling his story. Traffic stop: In the footage, which has gone viral on social media, Mr Stack recounts his own experience with a 'Caucasian officer' in South Carolina. He says he was given a warning after doing everything the cop said . Praise: Over the past few days, thousands of Facebook users have commented (above) on Mr Stack's selfie-style video, with many praising him for his honesty amid a national scandal over alleged police brutality . Mixed opinion: Although many of the users' comments were positive, others were negative (as seen bottom) 'The point of this is to say that I am an African-American male, this gentleman was Caucasian. There were no problems. He did his job, I did what I was supposed to do, and that was it,' he says. 'I feel like people need to understand that not all officers are crooked, not all officers are racist, bad people, and not all people who get shot or Tasered or arrested by officers are innocent victims. 'Just because you're black doesn't mean you're a victim, just because you're white doesn't mean you're a racist, just because you're a cop doesn't mean you're a bad person.' He adds: 'This world really needs to stop putting labels on people and things and see them as who they are: people doing things. Ignorance has no color. God doesn't see color. Why should we?' Mr Stack captured the video just days after North Charleston officer Michael Slager was arrested for murder for allegedly shooting Water Scott, 50, five times in the back as he was running away. Serviceman: 'I feel like people need to understand... not all officers are racist, bad people, and not all people who get shot or Tasered or arrested by officers are innocent victims,' says Mr Stack (pictured left and right) Scene: Mr Stack was pulling out of Lexington County Courthouse (above) when he was pulled over by the cop . He told WIS that although he had concerns over the use of force  applied by Officer Slager, 33, he was keeping an open mind about the shooting - and did not believe Scott should have tried to flee. Speaking to the station, Mr Stack, who recently completed a deployment with the National Guard and is now job hunting, said: ' It's possible for African Americans and police officers to get along. 'And, not everybody shares the same mindset because nobody's the same, everybody's different.' Over the past few days, thousands of Facebook users have commented on Mr Stack's video, with many praising him for his honesty amid the national scandal over alleged police brutality. Natashalynn Hoag told him: 'Amazingly said!!!!!!! Agreed 100% You have a GREAT head on your shoulders! You were raised wonderfully, your family should be VERY proud of you!!!' And Tina Wisecup Wills wrote: 'Such wise words. Thank you for taking the time to share them.' Shooting: Mr Stack captured the video with the knowledge of North Charleston officer Michael Slager's (right) arrest for murder after he allegedly shot Water Scott (left), 50, five times in the back as he was running away.

video shows all white officers treat suspects 'on basis of color' the footage has gone viral on social media. he was pulling out of lexington county courthouse on wednesday to make a left turn. a young african-american man has released a video disputing claims that all white police officers treat suspects on the basis of their color. mr stack recounts his own experience with a 'caucasian officer' the alleged racial profiling of suspects by police hit the headlines against last week.

错误：video dispute,不是video shows

185
With her sophisticated sense of style and age-defying good looks, Dame Helen Mirren has never looked better. But the Oscar-winning actress, who has won countless accolades for her talents, believes she was in her prime age-wise in the 'unfortunate' 1970s, which, she says, was a 'horrible' time for women. In an interview with Times2, the 69-year-old actress explained: 'I happened to hit the culture at a time that was worse than the f****** 1940s or 1950s. It was horrible.' Scroll down for video . Dame Helen Mirren, pictured last week at the premiere of her new film said she was in her prime age-wise in the 'unfortunate' 1970s, which, she says, was a 'horrible' time for women . Badgley Mischka dress . Click to shop the brand at Farfetch! Visit site . Helen Mirren proves time and again that youth has got nothing to do with style, elegance and beauty. The actress looked stunning at the premiere of The Woman in Gold and showed us just why she's an inspiration to us all. Her dress is by Badgley Mischka and was a great choice for the red carpet. Navy is softer than black and more flattering to all skin tones and ages. And of course a spot of embellishment adds glamour and a sense of festiveness. But Helen didn't shy away from a sexy edge either with that sheer panel across the shoulders. Styled with navy suede pumps by Jimmy Choo, Helen has once again nailed cocktail dressing for the more mature woman. Her exact dress is sadly not available online but click (right) to shop the brand at Farfetch. Or recreate the look with our edit below. Alice + Olivia, ASOS and Reiss have all got great options that will do the trick. Bless'ed are the Meek Perspective Dress at Shopbop (Now $299) Visit site . Alice + Olivia Dress in Caprise Silk at Bloomingdales (Now $198.75) Visit site . ASOS Daisy Embellished Shift Dress (Now $42) Visit site . REISS Dress in Rosalin Sheer Sleeve Lace at Bloomingdales . Visit site . The actress, who starred in  O Lucky Man! in 1973 - when she was in her thirties - and The Long Good Friday in 1980, went on to explain that the ten years after the sexual revolution but before feminism was 'perilous' for women. 'Men saw that as a sort of, "Oh, fantastic! We can f*** anything, however we like, whenever we like! They're up for grabs, boys!" It was that kind of attitude', she said. Mirren also said  revelations about celebrities from that era, such as Jimmy Savile, did not come as a surprise. 'I’m sure that if that f****** bastard was alive today he would be utterly confused. He would think, "They liked it, they loved me, I was a big star, so they wanted it",' she said. The actress, pictured in the 1970s, said that the ten years after the sexual revolution but before feminism was 'perilous' for women . Mirren, pictured, left, this year and, right, in 1976 said that men had a 'Oh, fantastic! We can f*** anything, however we like, whenever we like' kind of attitude in that era . Mirren was speaking ahead of the release of her new film, Woman In Gold, and last week posed on the red carpet with co-star Ryan Reynolds. Indeed, the 38-year-old's eyes were fixed on the 69-year-old's decolletage as they posed for photos at their film's Berlin premiere. And the actor's wife, Blake Lively, shared a snap of the flirty moment with her Instagram fans - joking that she had reason to feel jealous. 'Should I be concerned that my husband's never looked at me this way?...' the 27-year-old quipped in the photo's caption on Saturday. Mirren, pictured in the mid 1970s, was speaking ahead of the release of her new film, Woman In Gold . In her Instagram post she called the Oscar-winning actress 'sexy' and noted that her husband of two years took a gander at her cleavage, writing: '#WhereAreThoseEyesWanderingReynolds #HelenMirrenIStheSexiestWomanAlive #WomanInGold.' Speaking to People, Mirren confessed that she was taken by Reynold's charming manner while filming their forthcoming drama. 'You know, he makes a girl feel good,' she explained. 'Some guys don't. They're macho and attractive, but they make you feel awkward. 'Ryan just makes you feel so great. He's just so generous in his masculinity. He happens to be hunky and gorgeous and everything as well, but when you get a beautiful combination of the two? He is wonderful.' Mirren confessed that she was taken by Reynold's charming manner while filming their forthcoming drama. In Woman In Gold, their on-screen chemistry is apparent as well. It is a real-life story about a Jewish refugee’s battle against the Austrian government to reclaim a family painting stolen by Nazis. The biopic chronicles the heir's 60-year pursuit of Gustav Klimt's painting The Lady in Gold - which now ranks as the fifth most expensive painting ever sold at $135 million . Helen plays Maria Altmann, a woman who was forced to flee her home and life as a socialite in Vienna amid World War II. She enlists young lawyer Randol Schoenberg, played by Ryan, to help her restore her family's past. Considered the Mona Lisa of Austria, Klimt's 1907 The Lady In Gold painting is a portrait of Altmann's aunt Adele Bloch-Bauer, a friend of the famed artist. Katie Holmes and Daniel Brühl also co-star in the movie, directed by My Week With Marilyn's Simon Curtis.

dame helen mirren was in her prime age-wise in the 1970s. actress believes she was a 'horrible' time for women. actress looked stunning at the premiere of the woman in gold and showed us just why she's an inspiration to us. badgley mischka dress. the 69-year-old actress explained:' i happened to hit the culture at a time that was worse than the f ****** 1940s'

错误：1970是horrible time for women,不是she

198
Britain is looking forward to another week of glorious weather as bookmakers revealed this spring is now odds-on to be the warmest on record. On what is expected to be another unseasonably warm week, forecasters say temperatures in the South could reach  23C (73F) by Wednesday. People have made the most of the sunny weather this weekend by heading to beaches and parks across the UK, with Brighton particularly busy. The best temperatures at 2pm today were 16.2C (61.2F) at Achnagart in the Scottish Highlands, followed by 14.5C (58.1F) in Plymouth, Devon. Scroll down for video . On the water: Friends Katherine Salsbury and Jess Girling  go paddle-boarding on the Solent off Hampshire in the warm sunshine today . Flower girl: Six-year-old Freya Burgess lies a field of cowslips today near Shepton Mallet in Somerset today . First steps: Lamborghini (left) walks at the Cattle Country Adventure Park in Berkeley, Gloucestershire, after receiving specialist care . But incoming high tides and strong winds have prompted five flood alerts to be in place today - for Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, Bristol and Cumbria. Meanwhile Ladbrokes has cut its odds on this spring being the warmest on record to 4/6, while it is offering 2/1 on this summer being the hottest ever. Punters can also get 5/1 that the mercury will hit 100F (37.8C) in 2015, or 4/1 that the April record of 29.4C (84.9F) set in 1949 will be broken this year. Today will bring cloudy weather for central and eastern Britain with sunny spells and the chance of light showers, but it will be dry and bright elsewhere. And tonight will be fairly cloudy for the centre of the country with the possibility of showers, while most other areas of the UK will be dry with clear spells. Three-day forecast: Today will bring cloudy weather for central and eastern Britain with sunny spells and the chance of light showers . Absolutely soaking wet: Daniel Willcox cools down in a fountain at Southsea Splash Pool in Hampshire today . Jogging: A man and woman run through an avenue of cherry trees coming into blossom at Greenwich Park in south-east London today . Forecasters expect the South to reach 17C (63F) tomorrow, 21C (70F) on Tuesday, 23C (73F) on Wednesday and 20C (68F) on Thursday. Tomorrow will see mist and low cloud disperse from most parts of Britain in the morning to leave a bright day with sunny spells and patchy cloud. Met Office meteorologist Emma Sillitoe said yesterday: 'It is definitely very warm for this time of year as it should be around 12C (54F).' The South East and South West are already on course for their sixth hottest April since records began in 1910, according to Met Office figures. Surface chart: This Met Office graphic shows how high pressure is dominating this weekend in Britain with temperatures in the mid teens . Incoming high tides and strong winds: Five flood alerts are in place today - for Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, Bristol and Cumbria . Some 93 hours of sunshine - up 20 hours on the average - have brightened the UK already this month, but the South West is on flood watch today. Very high tides lashed by strong winds may hit seaside towns and villages along the south Devon coast this weekend, the Environment Agency said. Yesterday’s top temperature in the UK was 17.6C (63.7F) - observed in Achnagart in the Highlands and Pembrey Sands in Carmarthenshire. But that was still some way off last Wednesday’s 2015 UK high of 25.1C (77.1F) in Kent, making it the warmest April day in the UK for four years. Parts of Britain could face a drought as the Met Office cut its rain forecast following last week's heatwave. The unseasonably high temperatures last week saw highs of more than 25C (77F) in the South East - nearly double the average for this time of year. And forecasters warned that initial figures suggest that so far this month Britain has only seen 35 per cent of the average rainfall for April. The dry spell follows months of below-average rainfall and conditions are not expected to bring significant showers before May's arrival. Met Office meteorologist Emma Sillitoe said: ‘We are over halfway through the month but we've had around a third of the rainfall we get on average. ‘Over the next week temperatures are going to stay above average for most parts of the country, with the high pressure lasting until the weekend.’ Weather data for the year so far shows national rain fall has been significantly lower than average nearly every month. The year got off to a soggy start, with January seeing 20 per cent more rain than average but then 13 per cent less than usual fell in February. Last month the figure was 5 per cent below average. The Environment Agency said: ‘River and groundwater levels across England are healthy.’

temperatures in the south could reach 23c (73f) by wednesday. incoming high tides and strong winds have prompted five flood alerts to be in place today. people have made the most of the sunny weather this weekend by heading to beaches and parks. best temperatures at 2pm today were 16.2 c (61.2 f) at achnagart in plymouth, devon. ladbrokes has cut its odds on record to 4/6.

错误：achnagart is in Scottish Highlands not plymouth, devon


202
A professional Kate Middleton lookalike has said the royal mother dresses 'too boring' for her age - and admits that she fancies Prince Harry more than William. Jodie Bredo, 26, from Essex, has been a Kate lookalike for six years and wishes the Duchess of Cambridge would 'change her hair for once' - suggesting she opt for a bob style. Jodie, who is now single after splitting from her boyfriend, said of the Duchess, who is expecting her second child: 'Kate’s just too frumpy for her age. Scroll down for video . She often does jobs with a Prince William lookalike (left) but says she fancies the younger Prince Harry more . Jodie Bredo, 26, (pictured) has been a professional Kate Middleton lookalike for the past six years . 'I know I'm seven years younger than her but she should dress more fun. I like wearing fitted dresses and showing my figure off. I’d love her to get something more fashionable like a bob.' Miss Bredo admits she does not fancy Prince William and is not tempted to have her own happy ending like the royal couple. She said: 'I do lots of jobs with a William lookalike, but I don’t see him like that. Prince Harry's the better one. His bad boy image is more for me.' Although her counterpart is in the Lindo Wing at St Mary's Hospital in London currently awaiting her second child, Miss Bredo is not keen to start a family herself. The glamorous Essex resident said: 'I've recently broken up with a long-term boyfriend so I’m not thinking about babies. 'Kate’s new baby isn’t making me broody,' said the lookalike (with her nephew Louis). 'I've got two nephews and one's the same age as Prince George - but it’s nice to hand them back to their mum at the end' 'I know I’m seven years younger than her but she should dress more fun,' said Miss Bredo (left). 'I like wearing fitted dresses and showing my figure off' 'Kate’s new baby isn’t making me broody. I’ve got two nephews and one's the same age as Prince George - but it’s nice to hand them back to their mum at the end.' Miss Bredo started her career after noticing her resemblance to the Duchess of Cambridge. She was routinely stopped in the street when Kate first came into the public eye while dating Prince William. She said: 'I was shopping in Debenhams with my mum when this woman came running after us. 'I thought I’d left something, but she just said, "I have to tell you, you look so much after Kate Middleton." 'Even at the opticians having my eyes tested, the optometrist told me I looked like her. Miss Bredo (left, with her mum and sister) began her career after people kept commenting on her likeness to Kate Middleton . She sent an email to a lookalike agency with her photographs in 2009 and was hired for a shoot in Tatler . 'My family were on holiday in Cyprus and Kate was in the newspaper. My mum told me I looked like her and needed to do something with it.' Miss Bredo sent an email to a lookalike agency with her photographs in 2009. She said: 'I was accepted but didn’t hear from them about any jobs. I wasn’t too bothered. I was working as a personal assistant at the time and didn’t think about it. 'In March 2009, I had a call from them saying I had my first job. When they said it was for Tatler magazine, I couldn’t believe it. 'I took the day off and had to go to Aintree races, the shoot was based around what they thought Kate should be wearing. I was in these mad outfits. 'This one dress had plastic panelling all down the arms so I couldn't even move my arm to have a drink.' After the royal couple’s engagement in October 2010, Miss Bredo (third from left) began working as a lookalike full-time . After the royal couple’s engagement in October 2010, Miss Bredo began working as a lookalike full-time. She said: 'I had so many calls I was doing four to five days a week, appearing at corporate events and doing shoots. 'It was really strange, people wanting a picture with me, but I got into it and really had fun.' Miss Bredo studies Kate’s mannerisms as well as following her beauty regime. She said: 'I have regular trims to keep my hair looking good, every two months and curl the ends the same as Kate. 'Her signature look is a lot of black eyeliner so I get through that really quickly. 'I spend £30 a month buying black eyeliner. My favourite brand is Bare Minerals. She has regular trims to keep her hair in good shape, spends £30 a month on black eyeliner, has regular manicures and buys clothes that are distinctly 'Kate' Since the duchess gave birth to Prince George last year, Miss Bredo (middle) has had plenty of shoots with tots and has even has to wear a baby bump . 'She also wears very harsh blusher and has natural nails so I give myself regular manicures.' Miss Bredo spends hours searching for the Duchess on the internet so she can keep up-to-date with her wardrobe. She said: 'If she’s wearing something new, I’ll try and find it but it’s usually sold out instantly. 'I know what kind of clothes she’ll wear now. 'When I’m going clothes shopping I’ll choose some things that I think are "Kate." 'I picked up this black and white spotted dress and my mum didn't think it was something the Duchess of Cambridge would wear. 'Then I saw a picture of her when she was pregnant with George – it was the same one I’d bought. 'I think she’s copying me now.' Kate Middleton (pictured in London on 12 March) is due to give birth to her second child with Prince William any day now . Miss Bredo usually appears with a William lookalike and their after-work drinks get plenty of attention. She said: 'You can tell people are staring and some people take sneaky pictures of us. 'But a lot of people come up and ask to take a picture, it’s funny we’re just two friends having a drink. 'Even on my own I get lots of double takes – especially if I’m in London.' Since the duchess gave birth to Prince George, aged one, Miss Bredo has had plenty of shoots with tots. She said: 'I’ve got used to holding babies now and when I do events they provide me with a bump. 'I’m looking to forward to losing that now she’s having the baby.'

jodie bredo, 26, has been a professional kate middleton lookalike. jodie bredo has been a kate lookalike for six years. she often does jobs with a prince william more. jodie, who is now single after splitting from her boyfriend, said of the duchess. kate middleton said she fancies prince harry more than william. miss bredo admits she is not tempted to have her own happy ending.

错误：是jodie不是kate middleton said she fancies prince harry more than william

203
Police have released an image of a bearded young man in relation to a suspected arson attack on a Melbourne church which was once presided over by a paedophile priest. Detectives have issued a photo of a brown haired, Caucasian male wearing a black top who they want to speak to after  a fire was started at St Mary's Catholic Church in Dandenong, at 2.15am on  April 1. Victoria Police said: 'Detectives have released a FACE image of a man that may be able to assist with their enquiries.' Dandenong Crime Investigation Unit detectives are yet to determine the exact cause of the fire which is being treated as suspicious. The Dandenong fire was one of a string of suspected arson attacks on three Melbourne Catholic churches with links to paedophile priests. The church is said to be the site of child sex attacks perpetrated by now-deceased convicted paedophile Father Kevin O'Donnell. Police have released an image of a bearded young man they want to speak to in relation to a suspected arson attack on a Catholic church in Melbourne . Emergency services were called to a fire at St Mary's Catholic Church in Dandenong, at 2am on Wednesday, and police are treating the blaze as suspicious . Police are investigating whether the blaze is connected to two separate suspicious blazes that were lit two days before at St James Catholic Church in Brighton and St Mary's Catholic Church in St Kilda, where paedophile priest Ronald Pickering served as minister. St Mary's Catholic Church in Dandenong is said to be the site of child sex attacks perpetrated by now-deceased Father Kevin O'Donnell . On April 1, it took firefighters 90 minutes to extinguish blazes at the altar and storage room of St Mary's Catholic Church on Foster Street in Dandenong. Father O'Donnell - who was reportedly known by police as the 'two-a-day man' - was jailed for 15 months in 1995 after he admitted to abusing 10 boys and two girls. He is believed to have committed hundreds of sexual assaults against  young girls and boys over the 50 years that he worked in Victorian Catholic churches, before he retired in 1992. He died in 1997. At the Dandenong church in 1958 Father O'Donnell allegedly molested a 15-year-old boy in the presbytery and went on to sexually abuse his brother, sister and friends, The Age reported. He presided over the church from 1958 to 1986, before moving onto Oakleigh. On March 30, heritage-listed St James Catholic Church in Brighton was mostly destroyed by fire and St Mary's Catholic Church in St Kilda was found with a small amount fire damage to a door. Bishop Peter Elliott told 3AW Catholic churches would be increasing their security, and said he did not believe the fires were lit by sex abuse victims. Australian actress Rachel Griffiths said she was 'quite elated' when she heard the 124-year-old James Catholic church  had been destroyed by fire. Firefighters extinguished blazes at the altar and storage room of St Mary's Catholic Church on Foster Street . The Six Feet Under star revealed that like many of the church's former parishioners she found it hard to even 'drive past' St James church in Brighton, in Melbourne's south-east. Firefighters desperately tried to battle a fierce blaze that took hold of the  building at around 6.30am on Monday morning but it was left gutted. Ms Griffiths told 774 ABC Melbourne the church was plagued by 'tragedy and complicated feelings' and described it as being known locally as 'the haunted house on the hill'. 'We've all attended many funerals of boys that we now know were abused by [Father Ronald] Pickering ... and other perpetrators in the parish - at the actual church that it occurred in,' she said. 'It's been hard for priests to really cleanse this parish, it's been very difficult to rebuild a community and we pretty much all scattered after the revelations came out and found other parishes.' 80 firefighters attended the scene to battle the blaze at St James church in Brighton, in Melbourne's south-east . Australian actress Rachel Griffiths is happy that her former Melbourne church has burned down because of its past links to a paedophile priest . Ms Griffiths revealed she and other local Catholics had avoided being married in the church because of the sick crimes that historically took place inside it. Her mother stopped taking her to the church after her father left them because Pickering wouldn't have a 'divorced woman in the church'. 'I think that's probably one thing that saved our family that so many of my friends' brothers got involved with,' she said. Ronald Pickering abused boys between 1960 and 1980 while working as a priest in Melbourne . 'We stopped going because he stopped my mother at the door.' At least five people killed themselves after being sexually abused by paedophile priest Ronald Pickering between 1960 and 1980, according to research carried out in 2012. The former priest was named by the Catholic Church in 2013 as being guilty of sexually abusing children. However, after emigrating to Britain in the 1990s he was never brought to justice before he died. One victim, Raymond D'Brass, told a 2013 Victorian government inquiry that Pickering groomed him with cigarettes, money and alcohol. He was abused between the age of 9 and 13 while acting as a choir and altar boy at the church. In his statement at the parliamentary inquiry on March 4, 2013, Mr D'Brass said: 'Over this four-year period I am aware that two other boys were also sexually abused by Father Ronald Pickering. 'I was regularly fondled and petted by Pickering, as were other boys. This occurred within the change rooms of the church and within the presbytery. I began smoking cigarettes and drinking alcohol with Pickering from the age of nine and on many occasions passed out from consuming the alcohol, which left me vulnerable to such abuse.' Ms Griffiths revealed she and other local Catholics had avoided being married in the church . Photos taken by eyewitnesses show the roof collapsed and plumes of smoke billowing into the sky . He recalled: 'I now have several vivid memories of the sexual abuses, as well as some vague flashes due to the state of intoxication. In 1983, I stopped going to the presbytery after Pickering verbally abused me in front of the other boys for choosing not to attend the upcoming Sunday service and instead going to the cricket with my father. 'He told me that I was not welcome back and that I would burn in hell. Between 1983 and 1987, the two other boys who I know were abused continued to visit the presbytery and receive money, alcohol and cigarettes from Pickering, but I chose not to because I was terrified of him. I have no doubt that they were continuing to be abused by Pickering. 'One night after one of the boys paid a visit to Pickering, he attempted suicide. He was unsuccessful on this attempt, but he would go on to successfully commit suicide a short time later.' Many of the church's former parishioners found it hard to even 'drive past' St James church in Brighton after revelations of child abuse came out . The church is described as a 'a fine complex of Roman Catholic church' on its heritage-listed page . The cause of the fire has not yet been established. 'MFB will determine the cause of the fire and then if it's suspicious it will be passed on to police,' a Victoria Police spokesperson said. More than 80 firefighters and 20 trucks were at the scene where the ancient bluestone church was fully alight on Monday morning. A caller to radio show 3AW, named Andrew, said: 'You can hear that in the background, the roof is actually collapsing now.' 20 fire trucks were at the scene of the fire at the ancient bluestone church . Residents watching the fire were cleared from the area because of asbestos. And a 10 metre exclusion zone was put in place around the building over fears of structural collapse. MFB spokesperson David Jarwood told the ABC the smoke could be seen from 50 kilometres away. 'It's about 50 by 40 metres apparently the blaze is, the structure, so I'm not surprised people can see a plume from Mornington,' he said. Smoke from the St James Church fire could be seen across Melbourne, including the West Gate Bridge. An advice notice put out by the MFB said: 'Emergency services are attending to building fire in North Rd Brighton. The area of North Rd and St James Brighton is currently closed and people are advised to avoid the area.' Smoke from the St James Church fire can be seen across Melbourne, including the West Gate Bridge . The church was built in 1891 and the Parish of Saint James was established a year later. In 1990 a bell tower and bells were installed at a cost of $500,000. The Victorian Heritage Database website said the church 'stands on a site which has great importance in the early history of Catholicism in Victoria as the place where the mission to Brighton was established circa 1854'. It is described as 'a fine complex of Roman Catholic church, rectory and church close, mostly dating from the last century but with additions made in 1908 and in the 1920s'. It has an 'unusually elaborate 1934 decoration of the chancel with Roman mosaic flooring, opus sectile tiling and marble altars and rails. The pipe organ by Alfred Fuller of Kew, placed centrally in the rear gallery, is a rare example of his work'. Investigators are keen to speak to anyone that may have seen any suspicious activity in the area. Police are urging anyone with information about the fire to contact Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 or visit www.crimestoppersvic.com.au to make a confidential report.

Police have released an image of a bearded young man in relation to a suspected arson attack on a Melbourne church which was once presided over by a paedophile priest. Detectives have issued a photo of a brown haired, Caucasian male wearing a black top who they want to speak to after  a fire was started at St Mary's Catholic Church in Dandenong, at 2.15am on  April 1. Victoria Police said: 'Detectives have released a FACE image of a man that may be able to assist with their enquiries.' Dandenong Crime Investigation Unit detectives are yet to determine the exact cause of the fire which is being treated as suspicious. The Dandenong fire was one of a string of suspected arson attacks on three Melbourne Catholic churches with links to paedophile priests. The church is said to be the site of child sex attacks perpetrated by now-deceased convicted paedophile Father Kevin O'Donnell. Police have released an image of a bearded young man they want to speak to in relation to a suspected arson attack on a Catholic church in Melbourne . Emergency services were called to a fire at St Mary's Catholic Church in Dandenong, at 2am on Wednesday, and police are treating the blaze as suspicious . Police are investigating whether the blaze is connected to two separate suspicious blazes that were lit two days before at St James Catholic Church in Brighton and St Mary's Catholic Church in St Kilda, where paedophile priest Ronald Pickering served as minister. St Mary's Catholic Church in Dandenong is said to be the site of child sex attacks perpetrated by now-deceased Father Kevin O'Donnell . On April 1, it took firefighters 90 minutes to extinguish blazes at the altar and storage room of St Mary's Catholic Church on Foster Street in Dandenong. Father O'Donnell - who was reportedly known by police as the 'two-a-day man' - was jailed for 15 months in 1995 after he admitted to abusing 10 boys and two girls. He is believed to have committed hundreds of sexual assaults against  young girls and boys over the 50 years that he worked in Victorian Catholic churches, before he retired in 1992. He died in 1997. At the Dandenong church in 1958 Father O'Donnell allegedly molested a 15-year-old boy in the presbytery and went on to sexually abuse his brother, sister and friends, The Age reported. He presided over the church from 1958 to 1986, before moving onto Oakleigh. On March 30, heritage-listed St James Catholic Church in Brighton was mostly destroyed by fire and St Mary's Catholic Church in St Kilda was found with a small amount fire damage to a door. Bishop Peter Elliott told 3AW Catholic churches would be increasing their security, and said he did not believe the fires were lit by sex abuse victims. Australian actress Rachel Griffiths said she was 'quite elated' when she heard the 124-year-old James Catholic church  had been destroyed by fire. Firefighters extinguished blazes at the altar and storage room of St Mary's Catholic Church on Foster Street . The Six Feet Under star revealed that like many of the church's former parishioners she found it hard to even 'drive past' St James church in Brighton, in Melbourne's south-east. Firefighters desperately tried to battle a fierce blaze that took hold of the  building at around 6.30am on Monday morning but it was left gutted. Ms Griffiths told 774 ABC Melbourne the church was plagued by 'tragedy and complicated feelings' and described it as being known locally as 'the haunted house on the hill'. 'We've all attended many funerals of boys that we now know were abused by [Father Ronald] Pickering ... and other perpetrators in the parish - at the actual church that it occurred in,' she said. 'It's been hard for priests to really cleanse this parish, it's been very difficult to rebuild a community and we pretty much all scattered after the revelations came out and found other parishes.' 80 firefighters attended the scene to battle the blaze at St James church in Brighton, in Melbourne's south-east . Australian actress Rachel Griffiths is happy that her former Melbourne church has burned down because of its past links to a paedophile priest . Ms Griffiths revealed she and other local Catholics had avoided being married in the church because of the sick crimes that historically took place inside it. Her mother stopped taking her to the church after her father left them because Pickering wouldn't have a 'divorced woman in the church'. 'I think that's probably one thing that saved our family that so many of my friends' brothers got involved with,' she said. Ronald Pickering abused boys between 1960 and 1980 while working as a priest in Melbourne . 'We stopped going because he stopped my mother at the door.' At least five people killed themselves after being sexually abused by paedophile priest Ronald Pickering between 1960 and 1980, according to research carried out in 2012. The former priest was named by the Catholic Church in 2013 as being guilty of sexually abusing children. However, after emigrating to Britain in the 1990s he was never brought to justice before he died. One victim, Raymond D'Brass, told a 2013 Victorian government inquiry that Pickering groomed him with cigarettes, money and alcohol. He was abused between the age of 9 and 13 while acting as a choir and altar boy at the church. In his statement at the parliamentary inquiry on March 4, 2013, Mr D'Brass said: 'Over this four-year period I am aware that two other boys were also sexually abused by Father Ronald Pickering. 'I was regularly fondled and petted by Pickering, as were other boys. This occurred within the change rooms of the church and within the presbytery. I began smoking cigarettes and drinking alcohol with Pickering from the age of nine and on many occasions passed out from consuming the alcohol, which left me vulnerable to such abuse.' Ms Griffiths revealed she and other local Catholics had avoided being married in the church . Photos taken by eyewitnesses show the roof collapsed and plumes of smoke billowing into the sky . He recalled: 'I now have several vivid memories of the sexual abuses, as well as some vague flashes due to the state of intoxication. In 1983, I stopped going to the presbytery after Pickering verbally abused me in front of the other boys for choosing not to attend the upcoming Sunday service and instead going to the cricket with my father. 'He told me that I was not welcome back and that I would burn in hell. Between 1983 and 1987, the two other boys who I know were abused continued to visit the presbytery and receive money, alcohol and cigarettes from Pickering, but I chose not to because I was terrified of him. I have no doubt that they were continuing to be abused by Pickering. 'One night after one of the boys paid a visit to Pickering, he attempted suicide. He was unsuccessful on this attempt, but he would go on to successfully commit suicide a short time later.' Many of the church's former parishioners found it hard to even 'drive past' St James church in Brighton after revelations of child abuse came out . The church is described as a 'a fine complex of Roman Catholic church' on its heritage-listed page . The cause of the fire has not yet been established. 'MFB will determine the cause of the fire and then if it's suspicious it will be passed on to police,' a Victoria Police spokesperson said. More than 80 firefighters and 20 trucks were at the scene where the ancient bluestone church was fully alight on Monday morning. A caller to radio show 3AW, named Andrew, said: 'You can hear that in the background, the roof is actually collapsing now.' 20 fire trucks were at the scene of the fire at the ancient bluestone church . Residents watching the fire were cleared from the area because of asbestos. And a 10 metre exclusion zone was put in place around the building over fears of structural collapse. MFB spokesperson David Jarwood told the ABC the smoke could be seen from 50 kilometres away. 'It's about 50 by 40 metres apparently the blaze is, the structure, so I'm not surprised people can see a plume from Mornington,' he said. Smoke from the St James Church fire could be seen across Melbourne, including the West Gate Bridge. An advice notice put out by the MFB said: 'Emergency services are attending to building fire in North Rd Brighton. The area of North Rd and St James Brighton is currently closed and people are advised to avoid the area.' Smoke from the St James Church fire can be seen across Melbourne, including the West Gate Bridge . The church was built in 1891 and the Parish of Saint James was established a year later. In 1990 a bell tower and bells were installed at a cost of $500,000. The Victorian Heritage Database website said the church 'stands on a site which has great importance in the early history of Catholicism in Victoria as the place where the mission to Brighton was established circa 1854'. It is described as 'a fine complex of Roman Catholic church, rectory and church close, mostly dating from the last century but with additions made in 1908 and in the 1920s'. It has an 'unusually elaborate 1934 decoration of the chancel with Roman mosaic flooring, opus sectile tiling and marble altars and rails. The pipe organ by Alfred Fuller of Kew, placed centrally in the rear gallery, is a rare example of his work'. Investigators are keen to speak to anyone that may have seen any suspicious activity in the area. Police are urging anyone with information about the fire to contact Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 or visit www.crimestoppersvic.com.au to make a confidential report.

错误：he is believed to have committed hundreds of sexual assaults against young boys 缺少girls


222
We are well versed in the dangers of using sunbeds, with skin cancer preying on the minds of all who expose their skin to the UV rays. But experts have warned the disease is not the only health danger associated with the pursuit of an artificial year-round tan. Those compelled by a desire for bronzed skin are also at risk of catching a sexually transmitted infection - herpes. Dermatologist Dawn Marie Davies, from the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota, warns sunbed users could be putting themselves at risk of contracting the sexually transmitted infection, herpes . Genital herpes is highly contagious and spreads from one person to another via skin-to-skin contact. It is commonly passed on through sex and oral sex. Once a person is infected with the virus it can reactivate every so often to cause a new episode of painful genital herpes. There is no complete cure for the infection - rather, a sufferer will be given treatment each time they suffer a flare up. Dermatologist Dawn Marie Davies, an associate professor of dermatology at the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota, warns the virus, and other bacteria, can survive on tanning beds, despite the heat. 'In my practice, I've seen acquired bacterial infections, warts, and herpes infections from tanning beds,' she told Yahoo. She said staphylococcus bacteria, which can cause skin infections, faecal bacteria, the herpes virus and the wart-causing human papillomavirus are all able to withstand the heat of a sunbed to survive. Bacteria that lies on a person's skin can easily be transferred to the bed, when a person is lying down. The heat - not high enough to kill the infection - allows the bacteria to develop to become stronger and more able to survive. When a person sweats, it provides a breeding ground for bacteria or viruses. It is then possible for the infection to transfer to another sunbed user, entering the body via a small cut or nick in the skin, often so small a person may be unaware. 'Ultraviolet light can theoretically kill germs, but it's not enough to kill germs on the tanning bed,' Professor Davies warned. 'What's interesting is that when you use the ultraviolet light over and over again - and the tanning bed lights are on for multiple hours a day - if the bacteria or virus is exposed to some antiseptic but not enough to kill it, or some light but not enough to kill it, it can grow stronger and then it becomes resistant.' Genital herpes is highly contagious and spreads from one person to another via skin-to-skin contact. It is commonly passed on through sex and oral sex. Once a person is infected with the virus it can reactivate every so often to cause a new episode of painful genital herpes. A recurrence of the virus is often triggered by being unwell, stress, drinking excess alcohol, exposure to ultraviolet light, for example, using sunbeds, and having a weakened immune system. Herpes is highly contagious and spreads from one person to another via skin-to-skin contact. Professor Davies warns that the virus can remain on tanning beds, infecting other sunbed users . Symptoms of genital herpes include: . These symptoms may last up to 20 days, but the sores will eventually scab and heal without scarring. Although the initial symptoms of genital herpes clear up, the virus remains dormant. It can be reactivated, causing recurrences, which are usually shorter and less severe.

dermatologist warns sunbed users could be putting themselves at risk of contracting infection. genital herpes is highly contagious and spreads from one person to another. once a person is infected with the virus it can reactivate. those compelled by a desire for catching a sexually transmitted infection - herpes. experts warn the disease is not the only health danger associated with an artificial year-round tan.

错误：those compelled by a desire for for bronzed skin不是catching a sexually transmitted infection

223
Enemy drones have become a major threat on the battlefield, and the UU Navy hopes a roof mounted laser could be the answer. Its Ground-Based Air Defense Directed Energy On-the-Move program, commonly referred to as GBAD, allowing controllers to simply drive the weapon to a target. Once drones are spotted, it can them shoot them out of the sky with a high powered laser. Scroll down for video . The system will be able to spot and track drones, then shoot them out of the sky using a 30kw laser. 'We're confident we can bring together all of these pieces in a package that's small enough to be carried on light tactical vehicles and powerful enough to counter these threats,' said Brig. Gen. Kevin Killea, vice chief of naval research and commanding general, the Marine Corps Warfighting Laboratory. The GBAD system is being designed for use on light tactical vehicles such as the Humvee and Joint Light Tactical Vehicle. The navy hopes the system will provide an affordable alternative to traditional firepower to keep enemy unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) from tracking and targeting Marines on the ground. 'We can expect that our adversaries will increasingly use UAVs and our expeditionary forces must deal with that rising threat,' said Col. William Zamagni, acting head of ONR's Expeditionary Maneuver Warfare and Combating Terrorism Department. Some of the system's components already have been used in tests to detect and track UAVs of all sizes. Later in the year, researchers will test the entire system against targets using a 10kW laser as a stepping stone to a 30kW laser. 'GBAD gives the Marine Corps a capability to counter the UAV threat efficiently, sustainably and organically with austere expeditionary forces. 'GBAD employed in a counter UAV role is just the beginning of its use and opens myriad other possibilities for future expeditionary forces.' Some of the system's components already have been used in tests to detect and track UAVs of all sizes. Later in the year, researchers will test the entire system against targets using a 10kW laser as a stepping stone to a 30kW laser. The 30kW system is expected to be ready for field testing in 2016, when the program will begin more complex trials to ensure a seamless process from detection and tracking to firing, all from mobile tactical vehicles. Spotter vehicles and a control car will allow the system to operate anywhere.

its air defense directed energy on-the-move program. the system will be able to spot and track drones, then shoot them out. once drones are spotted in the sky with a high powered laser. some of the system's components already have been used in tests.

错误：once drones are spotted in the sky with a high powered laser. powered laser是用来shoot的，不是用来spot的

236
Caledonia, Michigan (CNN)Ben and Shelby Offrink met in college. It wasn't the most romantic setting -- a study group for calculus-based physics -- but Ben managed to turn it into a story worth telling by cheating. "I set up a study group and ended up telling the other people not to come so it would be just the two of us," said Ben with a smile. "He was sneaky," says Shelby. "Yeah, I wanted to meet her," says Ben, "and that was the best way I could figure out." Fast-forward eight years to 2014. Ben, now 34, and Shelby, a newly minted 30-year-old, were married and raising little Maeve, 3, and baby Hazel, 3 months, in Caledonia, Michigan, when life suddenly turns upside down. "I thought it was sciatica," Shelby says of the back pain and the "odd" feeling that prompted her to go to the hospital. "But I couldn't get the doctors in the ER to pay attention. So I went back the next day and told them that I was incontinent, and they did an MRI and there it was." "It" turned out to be an intramedullary glioblastoma, a highly aggressive form of brain cancer. Shelby's version was extremely rare because it was lodged in her spine instead of her brain. "So it's actually tangled into the spinal cord itself," Ben explains. "If you'd imagine a meatball inside of bunch of spaghetti, you can't just easily take it out without damaging a bunch of the spinal cord itself." Surgery removed 75%. The rest was treated with a combination of oral chemo and radiation. But suddenly a second spot above the first grew worse and the area of radiation had to be broadened. After a week of treatment, Shelby suddenly lost feeling in her legs. Unfortunately, the numbness became permanent. Before long, Shelby was paralyzed from the belly button down. But that didn't stop her fighting spirit or her sense of humor. Shelby nicknamed her tumors and decided to "terminate" them. "You pronounce it as 'tumah tumah-nator,'" Ben says. "Like how Arnold Schwarzenegger would say it if he had a tumor." As Shelby continued to fight and improve, in August 2014, Ben got some terrible news. The Hodgkins lymphoma he had fought and battled into remission when he was 20 had reappeared. And it probably had been hiding in his body for a few years, making it extremely hard to overcome. "I thought it was never a concern again," Ben says. "The procedures I went through, having a bone marrow transplant, I thought there wouldn't be any issues. It's been over 15 years. It caught everyone completely off guard." Ben was slated for a clinical trial with an experimental drug, but his alkaline phosphate levels were too high to meet the requirements. With no other options in the Grand Rapids, Ann Arbor or Detroit areas, he is now on generalized chemotherapy, hoping it will force the cancer into remission so he can undergo a bone marrow transplant. Two donors have been found that are a perfect match, if the cancer will respond. "As it goes on, they are saying it's getting harder and harder to treat," he says. "It's just like a car picking up speed. Eventually you're going to have 5 million cells, it's just going to keep growing and growing." Suddenly, both parents were undergoing the nausea, fatigue and discomfort of chemotherapy while trying to raise two small children. "Some days it does feel like a battle," Ben admits. "The days you are feeling absolutely horrible you don't even want to get out of bed, but you know you have to because you have to take care of the girls or help Shelby. Some days it's just way tougher than others." Friends and family became critical to the family's success, taking over updates to the family's online journal, and running fundraisers for medical expenses and building supplies to make the house wheelchair-friendly. "We'd had an amazing support group," Ben says. "Shelby has friends from high school who will drop everything to help us out at a moment's notice. And the community, it's just amazing for people to help that much. " "Even outside of our community, people we don't even know," adds Shelby, wiping a tear from her eye. "We've had care packages sent from Ireland, Sweden and Australia. It means a lot." This January came the worst news yet. Shelby's cancer, which had retreated from her spine, suddenly appeared in her brain. Three tumors. Inoperable. What is Shelby's reaction? "I'm not giving up," she says. "Ben and I have a long road ahead of us. We know it's going to be hard, but we're going to do it." "For me it's just something that you have to do," Ben says. "You have to fight it and you have to beat it because there is no option." Maeve, who is 4 years old now, and Hazel, 1, will have a home with Ben's brother if the worst is to happen, and friends are setting up fundraisers for the girls' education. But that's not the focus of Ben and Shelby's fight. They want to get well. "Yeah, we have two little ladies we have to take care of," Shelby says, "and lots of family and friends that care about us." "She's not just doing it for herself, she's doing it for her whole family, especially her girls and her husband, Ben," said Jay Tomczak, Shelby's older brother. "She's not going to ever give up. What we really need is hope." The Offrinks would like help finding clinical trials to address the rare cancers they are fighting, as well as access to cancer centers with more advanced techniques than are available in Michigan. "We're going to get all of our information and would like to go to Harvard or Mayo (Clinic) or places where maybe they do have more experience, and act in a shorter time frame," Shelby says. "If, right now, we can find two or three trials that maybe Shelby can get into, or a trial drug for me to try instead of the path I'm on right now, it could definitely benefit us," adds Ben. "We just can't wait," Shelby says. Her prognosis is about six months, she says, and a year for her husband. "Never give up, because there's no reason to. Just keep fighting," Shelby says. She breaks into tears: "Especially when you have someone special to fight for and everyone has someone special to fight for -- there's no one who doesn't."

ben and shelby offrink met in college. ben, now 34, and baby hazel, 3, were married in caledonia, michigan. ben managed to turn it into a story worth telling by cheating. shelby's version was lodged in her spine instead of her brain. eight years to 2014.

错误：是ben和shelby结婚，不是和 baby hazel, 3

243
Six hostages who hid in a supermarket freezer during January's Islamist attacks in Paris have sued French media for broadcasting their location live during the siege. Amedy Coulibaly stormed into the Hyper Cacher Jewish store, killing four and taking others captive before being shot dead in a hail of gunfire by French special forces. The heavily televised events in eastern Paris came two days after Cherif and Said Kouachi shot 12 people at the offices of satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo. Patrick Klugman, a lawyer representing the six survivors, said images broadcast from Hyper Cacher on January 9 'lacked the most basic precautions' and endangered those still alive inside. Scroll down for video . Police storm the Hyper Cacher Jewish supermarket, killing an Islamist terrorist in hail of gunfire. Six hostages who hid in a  freezer during the Islamist attacks have sued French media for broadcasting their location live . Terrorist: Amedy Coulibaly slaughtered customers during the siege at the Hyper Cacher store. Lawyers claim French media endangered the lives of hostages hiding a freezer by revealing their location live on air . He singled out French 24-hour news channel BFMTV which revealed live on air that the group - including a three-year-old child and a one-month-old baby - was hiding  in the freezer. They had been taken to the cold room by one of the supermarket's employees. 'The working methods of media in real time in this type of situation were tantamount to goading someone to commit a crime,' Mr Klugman told AFP Thursday, roundly criticising coverage by other outlets of the movements by security forces during the standoff. The lives of those hiding 'could have been at risk if Coulibaly had been aware in real time what BFMTV was broadcasting,' Klugman said. He added that the jihadist was following the coverage of his raid on different channels and had been in contact with BFMTV journalists. The lawsuit charges media  with endangering the lives of others by deliberately ignoring security protocols, which carries a maximum penalty of a year in prison and a €15,000 (£11,000) fine. Extraordinary pictures emerged in the days after the siege showing the hostage huddled together for warmth amid cardboard boxes of food inside the freezer. Defying terror: Hyper Cacher reopened last month with a vow to 'show that life is stronger than barbarity' One woman is seen cradling her child, while in another image a hostage sends a text message to a loved one. Hearing shots, shoppers at the back of the store fled downstairs to the storeroom where they huddled together in temperatures of -3C (27F). Fearing they would not escape alive, they made what they believed would be their last calls to family to tell them they loved them. One man, known only as Ilan, was with his young son and quickly removed his jacket and wrapped him in it as they cowered in freezer for nearly five hours before Coulibaly was shot dead. The Kouachi brothers were also killed after three days of attacks that killed a total of 17 people and deeply shocked France and the world. Hyper Cacher finally reopened last month with a vow to 'show that life is stronger than barbarity'.

amedy coulibaly killed four and taking others captive before being shot dead. cherif kouachi shot 12 people at the offices of satirical magazine charlie hebdo. six hostages who hid in a freezer have sued french media. police storm hyper cacher jewish supermarket in hail of gunfire. lawyer says images show 'lacked basic precautions' and endangered those still alive.

是cherif and Said Kouachi，不是是cherif Kouachi

248
The family of a murdered mother have spoken of their fury after it was revealed that she tried to call 999 hours before she was killed but call handlers failed to alert police. Karen Catherall, 45, was viciously beaten and strangled to death by Darren Jeffreys, who she met only weeks earlier on dating site Plenty of Fish. The pair had been drinking at the pub before she returned to her home in Gwernaffield near Mold, Flintshire, North Wales, when Jeffreys, 47, followed and attacked in an alcohol-fuelled rage. Scroll down for video . Karen Catherall, 45, (right) was brutally murdered by Darren Jefferys (left) who she met on a dating site just weeks before her death. He was jailed for a minimum of 17 and a half years in February . He only called paramedics the following morning and claimed he thought Ms Catherall was sleeping, but later admitted murder and was jailed for life in February. Police have since told the family that the mother-of-two made a 999 call from her mobile just after she returned from the pub, which went through to BT to deal with. Operators at the telecommunications company connects both mobile and landline numbers with the requested emergency service and follow strict protocol. But when Ms Catherall called on September 13, last year, the call handler said they could not hear anything and therefore did not connect the call to the police or send help. Her mother, Glenys Keir, 74, and sister Lorraine Humphreys, 49, have slammed BT for not taking action at the time which they claim could have saved their sister. However, BT says its handlers acted appropriately and in line with police guidance not to pass on calls where there is 'nothing to indicate there is any problem'. Mrs Keir said: 'When we found out Karen had been murdered our whole world fell apart. 'But as we were starting to come to terms with it all, to then hear that a 999 call had been made from her mobile the night she died, it stirred up all of those emotions we had felt when we first found out Karen had been killed. Her family (mother, Glenys Keir, left, and sister, Lorraine Humphreys, right) were told by police that she had tried to make a 999 call just hours before her murder but the call was ended when operated got no response . Ms Catherall (left) had been drinking in the pub with Jeffreys (right) when he followed her home on September 13, last year. He didn't call paramedics until the following morning, claiming he thought she was asleep . 'It left us feeling sick to the stomach, devastated and fuming, knowing no one was there for Karen when she needed help. 'If they had got to her in time Karen might still be alive. She could have been here today. Now we'll always wonder if that may have been possible.' Police confirmed a 999 call was made from her mobile phone to BT  at around 7pm but it was disconnected after around 13 seconds and officers were not informed. Glenys Kier and her partner Esmor Evans leaving Mold Crown Court following the trial of their daughter's killer, Darren Jeffreys . The phone call was later enhanced by detectives, who discovered arguing could be heard in the background. Ms Catherall's family are calling on BT to review their procedures, and answer questions about the call. Mrs Keir said: 'Apparently the person who picked up believed there was silence at the end of the line. They must have assumed 999 had been dialled accidentally. 'It doesn't bear thinking about what might have happened if BT had connected the call to the police.' Ms Catherall's sister, Mrs Humphreys, a catering supervisor, added: 'You regularly hear of toddlers playing with their mum's mobile phone and ringing the emergency services by mistake. 'In those instances, the police often seem to trace the call and turn up on the doorstep. 'We want to know why that didn't happen when in this situation Karen so desperately needed their help. 'We know the police aren't to blame as they never received the call, but BT should be looking into this and reviewing their policies. 'The call might have been muffled or quiet at the other end of the line, but surely it's better to put it through to the police so they can send an officer and be safe rather than sorry. 'Who knows what the outcome might have been if they had reached her in time? We don't want any other families to lose a loved one and go through the pain we have.' A BT spokesman said: 'North Wales Police contacted BT on September 24, 2014 about whether we received an emergency call from a mobile phone number and we provided them with full details including a call recording. 'Our records show that we received the call at approximately 19.07 on September 13, 2014. 'There was no response to our operator's questioning and our operator heard nothing to indicate there was any problem before the caller ended the call after about 13 seconds. 'Police forces have requested that we do not connect such calls to them and our operator correctly followed the call handling process requested by the police.' Ms Catherall's family (pictured outside court) are calling on BT to review their procedures following the call . The 999 emergency number was set up in London in June 1937 after five women were killed in a fire. A committee discussed how telephone operators could identify emergency calls and the easy to remember 999 number was born. It was later rolled out in Glasgow and extended to all major towns and cities by 1948. Since then it has expanded massively with an average of 597,000 calls a week across the UK. BT operators answer the initial call from both landlines and mobiles and find out which emergency service is required before connecting the caller. The handler has to quickly establish whether the call is genuine before transferring them. In instances where they are met with silence they ask the caller to respond by either making a noise or coughing. This can narrow down the number of accidental or prank calls made, which account for about half of the 31 million calls made annually. Of the remaining 15.5million, 52 per cent go to police, 41 per cent to ambulance service, six per cent for fire and one per cent to the coastguard and cave and mountain rescue services. The spokesman also explained that in cases where they get no response from the caller, the operator will ask whether they can make a noise or cough. In this instance Ms Catherall apparently made no response and the phone call was terminated. Detective Inspector Mark Hughes, senior investigating officer at North Wales Police, confirmed the call. He said: 'During the early evening of September 13, 2014, a 999 call was made from the mobile phone of Karen Catherall. 'The phone call was received by the telephone company operator and managed in accordance with their policy but not directed onto North Wales Police, nor in fact any police force. 'I understand the circumstances surrounding the management of this phone call are now being reviewed by the Telephone Company following a request by Karen's family.' It was not until the early hours of the following morning, at 2.35am, that Jeffeys called emergency services, claiming that he thought she was sleeping off the alcohol and he was unable to wake her. But paramedics who arrived at the house found she had been dead for some time and there was also evidence he had tried to cover up the killing, Mold Crown Court was told. A post mortem examination revealed that her cause of death had been blunt force trauma to the head and asphyxiation. Jeffreys had denied killing his girlfriend when interviewed by police, but in December last year admitted the murder. Mr Justice Wyn Williams, hearing the case, said Jeffreys subjected Ms Catherall 'to a ferocious, sustained and in the end deadly attack'. He was sentenced to a minimum of 17 and a half years in prison.

karen catherall, 45, was beaten and strangled to death by darren jeffreys. pair had been drinking before she returned to her home in gwernaffield, north wales. jailed for a minimum of 17 and a half years in february. she was brutally murdered by darren jefferys who met on a dating site. he only called paramedics the following morning and claimed he was sleeping. family of a murdered mother have spoken of their fury after it was revealed. karen catherall, 45. police have since told the family she made a 999 call from her mobile.

需要指出是darren jeffreys jailed for a minimum of 17 and a half years in february.

250
A Shetland pony has been battered to death with a breeze block in the middle of the night in a brutal attack, devastating the toddler who played with her every day. Charlene Bishop, who is 17 months old, went to feed her pony Taffee on Wednesday and was worried when she didn't meet her at the gate as normal. Her mother Danielle Flisher went to investigate and found the Shetland lying on the floor and dying from horrific head injuries. Sickening: Taffee the Shetland pony was battered to death with a breeze block in the middle of the night in a brutal attack . The left side of Taffee's (left) skull was completely caved in, her left eye was battered outs of its socket and concrete was embedded in her brain . The left side of the pony's skull was completely caved in, her left eye was battered out of its socket and concrete was embedded in her brain. The five-year-old animal also had a broken leg and vets called to the field in Boxley, near Gillingham, Kent, had no option but to put the distressed pony down. Police believe Taffee was battered round the head with a breeze block sometime between 11pm on Tuesday night and 9am on Wednesday morning. Charlene, who had only owned 22in Taffee for three months, visited her every day to groom and feed her and rode her every weekend. Ms Flisher, 19, said: 'I don't understand how anybody could be so sick. 'Taffee was a tiny pony. The vet said she was hit over and over again and it looks like by was more than one person. 'It seems they held her head collar while they beat her. Taffee was crying blood from the damage they did to her skull. Vile: The Shetland was found lying on the floor and dying from horrific head injuries after the brutal attack . 'We got Taffee for Charlene when she was diagnosed with epilepsy. She can't do the same things as everyone else, but she loved spending time with me at the yard and had Taffee to keep her happy. 'They weren't together long but they were amazing. Charlene would climb all over her and Taffee wouldn't mind. 'Charlene would even sometimes tell Taffee off and the pony would go and stand in the corner of the stable like a naughty child. 'She's lost her best friend and she's devastated.' Taffee had a foal, 10-month-old Biscuit, who the family are now in the process of finding a surrogate mother for. Charlene, who is 17 months old, was bought the pony to help deal with her epilepsy and has lost her 'best friend', her mother said . Ms Flisher, a mother-of-two, added: 'I can't believe there are people out there who would do this to a tiny, defenceless pony. 'They would have seen she belonged to a child, she even had a Frozen rug on. 'Charlene doesn't understand death. She saw that Taffee was bleeding but when she woke up this morning she just assumed she was better and asked to go and feed her. It's heartbreaking, we don't know what to do.' Kent Police and the RSPCA are investigating the attack. Three other horses in the same field were shaved in places in the overnight attack and another had a small wound to its head. The family have offered a £1,000 reward for anybody who can reveal those behind the attack. An RSPCA spokeswoman said: 'This sounds like an incredibly upsetting incident. 'We would urge anyone with any information to contact either the police or ourselves on 0300 123 8018.'

she was worried when she didn't meet her at the gate as normal. her mother went to investigate and found the shetland lying on the floor. the left eye was battered out of its socket and concrete was embedded in the brain. the skull was completely caved in, her left eye was embedded in her brain. taffee the shetland pony was battered to death with a breeze block. the pony has been battered with a breeze block in the middle of the night.

是left skull不是skull

285
With her sophisticated sense of style and age-defying good looks, Dame Helen Mirren has never looked better. But the Oscar-winning actress, who has won countless accolades for her talents, believes she was in her prime age-wise in the 'unfortunate' 1970s, which, she says, was a 'horrible' time for women. In an interview with Times2, the 69-year-old actress explained: 'I happened to hit the culture at a time that was worse than the f****** 1940s or 1950s. It was horrible.' Scroll down for video . Dame Helen Mirren, pictured last week at the premiere of her new film said she was in her prime age-wise in the 'unfortunate' 1970s, which, she says, was a 'horrible' time for women . Badgley Mischka dress . Click to shop the brand at Farfetch! Visit site . Helen Mirren proves time and again that youth has got nothing to do with style, elegance and beauty. The actress looked stunning at the premiere of The Woman in Gold and showed us just why she's an inspiration to us all. Her dress is by Badgley Mischka and was a great choice for the red carpet. Navy is softer than black and more flattering to all skin tones and ages. And of course a spot of embellishment adds glamour and a sense of festiveness. But Helen didn't shy away from a sexy edge either with that sheer panel across the shoulders. Styled with navy suede pumps by Jimmy Choo, Helen has once again nailed cocktail dressing for the more mature woman. Her exact dress is sadly not available online but click (right) to shop the brand at Farfetch. Or recreate the look with our edit below. Alice + Olivia, ASOS and Reiss have all got great options that will do the trick. Bless'ed are the Meek Perspective Dress at Shopbop (Now $299) Visit site . Alice + Olivia Dress in Caprise Silk at Bloomingdales (Now $198.75) Visit site . ASOS Daisy Embellished Shift Dress (Now $42) Visit site . REISS Dress in Rosalin Sheer Sleeve Lace at Bloomingdales . Visit site . The actress, who starred in  O Lucky Man! in 1973 - when she was in her thirties - and The Long Good Friday in 1980, went on to explain that the ten years after the sexual revolution but before feminism was 'perilous' for women. 'Men saw that as a sort of, "Oh, fantastic! We can f*** anything, however we like, whenever we like! They're up for grabs, boys!" It was that kind of attitude', she said. Mirren also said  revelations about celebrities from that era, such as Jimmy Savile, did not come as a surprise. 'I’m sure that if that f****** bastard was alive today he would be utterly confused. He would think, "They liked it, they loved me, I was a big star, so they wanted it",' she said. The actress, pictured in the 1970s, said that the ten years after the sexual revolution but before feminism was 'perilous' for women . Mirren, pictured, left, this year and, right, in 1976 said that men had a 'Oh, fantastic! We can f*** anything, however we like, whenever we like' kind of attitude in that era . Mirren was speaking ahead of the release of her new film, Woman In Gold, and last week posed on the red carpet with co-star Ryan Reynolds. Indeed, the 38-year-old's eyes were fixed on the 69-year-old's decolletage as they posed for photos at their film's Berlin premiere. And the actor's wife, Blake Lively, shared a snap of the flirty moment with her Instagram fans - joking that she had reason to feel jealous. 'Should I be concerned that my husband's never looked at me this way?...' the 27-year-old quipped in the photo's caption on Saturday. Mirren, pictured in the mid 1970s, was speaking ahead of the release of her new film, Woman In Gold . In her Instagram post she called the Oscar-winning actress 'sexy' and noted that her husband of two years took a gander at her cleavage, writing: '#WhereAreThoseEyesWanderingReynolds #HelenMirrenIStheSexiestWomanAlive #WomanInGold.' Speaking to People, Mirren confessed that she was taken by Reynold's charming manner while filming their forthcoming drama. 'You know, he makes a girl feel good,' she explained. 'Some guys don't. They're macho and attractive, but they make you feel awkward. 'Ryan just makes you feel so great. He's just so generous in his masculinity. He happens to be hunky and gorgeous and everything as well, but when you get a beautiful combination of the two? He is wonderful.' Mirren confessed that she was taken by Reynold's charming manner while filming their forthcoming drama. In Woman In Gold, their on-screen chemistry is apparent as well. It is a real-life story about a Jewish refugee’s battle against the Austrian government to reclaim a family painting stolen by Nazis. The biopic chronicles the heir's 60-year pursuit of Gustav Klimt's painting The Lady in Gold - which now ranks as the fifth most expensive painting ever sold at $135 million . Helen plays Maria Altmann, a woman who was forced to flee her home and life as a socialite in Vienna amid World War II. She enlists young lawyer Randol Schoenberg, played by Ryan, to help her restore her family's past. Considered the Mona Lisa of Austria, Klimt's 1907 The Lady In Gold painting is a portrait of Altmann's aunt Adele Bloch-Bauer, a friend of the famed artist. Katie Holmes and Daniel Brühl also co-star in the movie, directed by My Week With Marilyn's Simon Curtis.

dame helen mirren was in her prime age-wise in 'unfortunate' 1970s. actress believes she was a 'horrible' time for women. badgley mischka dress. actress looked stunning at the premiere of the woman in gold. '', who was a friend of a friend.

1970s是horrible，并不是she

286
The parents of a Slovakian model accused of murdering her British millionaire ex-boyfriend are being forced to sell their house to pay her legal bills. Maria Kukucova, 25, was arrested in April last year after former partner Andy Bush was found shot to death in his rented holiday villa on the Costa del Sol in southern Spain. The blonde model had gone on the run but was eventually tracked down to her family's home 2,000 miles away in the small western Slovakian town of Nova Basoca after police put out an international arrest warrant. Scroll down for video . The Slovakian model had gone on the run after Bush was found shot to death in his rented holiday villa on the Costa del Sol in southern Spain . Maria Kukucova, 25, was arrested in April last year after former partner Andy Bush was found murdered . Now her parents Lubomir Kukuca, 50, and Danka Kukucova, 51, said they feel hated in their own village and are selling up their home to move somewhere more secluded and pay thousands for lawyers' fees in Spain where their daughter is awaiting trial. Gold dealer Mr Bush, 48, from Bristol was found dead in a pool of blood at his five-bed rented home near Estepona just after 3am. His new girlfriend, Russian student Maria Korotaeva, 20, told detectives his Slovakian ex was waiting for them in her pyjamas inside Mr Bush’s mansion when they arrived for a long weekend from the UK. Miss Korotaeva has accused Miss Kukucova of Mr Bush's murder, saying 'She done it. God will be her judge' Maria Korotaeva, 20 (left and right), the most recent girlfriend of murdered millionaire Andrew Bush, 48 (left), has told how the pair arrived at Mr Bush's Spanish villa to find ex-girlfriend Kukucova waiting . She took refuge in Mr Bush’s Hummer while he argued inside with the alleged killer. Miss Korotaeva said Kukucova was ‘crazy’ with jealousy after Mr Bush ended their relationship. She said gunshots rang out before the Slovakian fled the house and forced her out of the car to make her escape. Kukucova, who had posted intimate videos online begging Mr Bush to take her back, was arrested  in Nove Mesto nad Vahom in her home country - more than 2,000 miles from Spain. She was extradited back to Spain in May after handing herself in and locked up in  the maximum security Alhaurin de la Torre jail near Malaga. Maria's parents have visited their daughter and hired lawyers, but their efforts have landed them in debt. Now Kukucova's parents are being forced to sell their home (pictured) in Nova Basoca, western Slovakia, to pay thousands for their daughter's lawyers' fees . Danka Kukucova, 51, (left) Lubomir Kukuca, 50, (right) said said they feel hated in their own village after news of the murder spread and were planning to move to a more secluded area . Her father Lubomir Kukuca, who is seriously ill with cancer, admitted his daughter kept in touch with them while she was on the run. Miss Kukucova’s mother Danka, who supports the family as a manager for a local building society, said at the time of her arrest: ‘We are really struggling. We are upset with what is being said about our daughter.’ Having spent their savings and borrowed money from family, they have decided to sell their home in Nova Bosaca which is on the market for the equivalent of £73,000. One of Maria's cousins, Katarina, who did not want to give her surname, confirmed to the Slovak national newspaper Novy Cas: 'They have decided to leave the house in which they have been living for several years. Mayka Marica Kukucova, pictured after giving herself up to police in her home town of Nova Bosaca in Slovakia . Ms Kukucova had given herself up in her home town which is 3,102km (1,928 miles) from the crime scene in Spain . 'They feel in any case that everybody in the village looks at them as if they are murderers and they no longer feel welcome. People do not ask anything, they just gossip. The parents are fed up with everything. 'The price will not be lower than 100,000 EUR. They will not sell the house for less because they need to return the money that they have borrowed. 'They would also like to buy small secluded house so that they will not be nagged by anybody. 'They are also selling because they hope that Maria will come back and she will want to be in some calm and peaceful place far from people.' Slovak estate agent Lubomir Batovec reckoned the two storey house was not worth more than £59,000 because of the location and its distance from the town of Nove Mesto nad Vahom. He said: 'I am sure that it will not be easy to sell this house - at least not for that money.' The model has been locked up in the maximum security Alhaurin de la Torre jail near Malaga since she was extradited last May . Kukucova, who had posted intimate videos online begging Mr Bush to take her back, was arrested last year .

maria kukucova, 25, was found dead in his rented holiday in southern spain. the blonde model was tracked down to her family's home 2,000 miles away. maria kukucova, 25, was arrested in april last year. bush was found shot to death in his rented holiday villa on the costa del sol. parents lubomir kukuca, 50, and danka kukucova said they feel hated in their own village. mr bush, 48, from bristol was found dead in a pool of blood. parents are being forced to sell their house to pay her legal bills.

是Andy bush was found dead，不是Maria

296
If you ever wanted to push the boat out (literally) and stay at one of the most unusual hotels on the ocean, look no further than No Man's Land Fort, a Victorian sea fort in the middle of the Solent, which is set to open this month. The spectacular isolated fort, one of three guarding the entrance to the Solent, just off the coast of the Isle of Wight, has been turned into a luxury impregnable haven complete with a rooftop hot tub, shops and even its own nightclub, thanks to a multi-million pound revamp. The unique hotel looks like could be a fortress of a James Bond villain and can sleep 44 guests with a capacity of 200 for parties and events. Scroll down for video . For those intent on relaxation, No Man's offers its own spa, a choice of bars and a large sun deck for ocean views . The No Man's Fort has been transformed by AmaZing Venues to become a luxury hotel, and is set to open on April 23 . With four floors packed with a variety of entertaining facilities, it’s a unique location that’s sure to leave guests with unforgettable memories . The sea fort is located 2km out at sea, meaning guests have to make an exciting entrance by helicopter or by boat. On arrival at the ocean hotspot, guests can hit up the shops, restaurants, luxury spa, rooftop bar and firepit, cabaret bar, nightclub or LaZer Battle Arena. If water sports are more your style this is the perfect base for enjoying RIB rides, jet biking, sea kayaking, or kite surfing. A spokesman for AmaZing Venues said: 'No Man's Fort is an inspiring private island that offers an unrivalled experience. 'It is three times the size of Spitbank Fort and boasts its own lighthouse with spectacular views across the Solent. 'You'd think being a mile offshore is unique enough, but we've crammed every possible space with unusual things to see and experience. Built between 1867 and 1880, No Man's Fort was one of several forts ordered by then-Prime Minister Lord Palmerston to fend off the French Navy. It needed a huge engineering effort to cut vast blocks of granite and transport them by barge to the building site, before they were lowered onto the sea bed for its foundations. At the time it cost £462,500 to build, which with inflation would be equivalent to more than £43million today. It was the first fort in England, and possibly Europe, to use hydraulic power to move the guns in horizontal and vertical planes for targeting and the first to be lighted throughout with electricity. The fort was in active use by the military up to 1957 - housing anti-aircraft guns during the Second World War - and became a scheduled ancient monument in 1967. A developer bought it in 1987 to convert it into a luxury residence but failed to find a millionaire buyer. Birmingham businessman Harmesh Pooni bought it to run as as a corporate hospitality venue but he ran into financial difficulties and had to close down. He eventually barricaded himself inside until he was removed. The fort eventually sold in 2009 for just £910,000. 'The potential of this magnificent sea fortress is only restrained by your imagination. 'A trip to the fort can be as relaxing or action-packed as you wish. 'For those intent on relaxation, No Man's offers its own spa, a choice of bars and a large sun deck.' Described on the website as '75,000 sq ft of fun,' adventurers can unwind overlooking the spectacular rooftop views, whilst enjoying a BBQ, before retiring to one of the 23 luxury suites which cost £450 per night. Those who have the means to splash out on the best suite in the fort, the plush lighthouse facilities can cost £1,150 a night during the summer. Bond villain haven! The modern fort has two helipad zones, as well as offering roof top BBQ facilities for an ocean-facing meal . Do not disturb! The fort boasts 23 luxury suites and can sleep 44 guests, with prices ranging from £450 per night . A room with a view! Not only does this hotel offer one of the most private hotel stays, but also incredible ocean views . The unusual destination boasts a colourful history and was even featured in the 1971 Dr Who episode, The Sea Devils, with Jon Pertwee. Built between 1867 and 1880, it was originally used to defend the coast against French invasion, and was used during both world wars to protect Portsmouth Harbour from attacks. In order to construct the impressive fort, huge blocks of granite were transported by barge to the site, and were lowered onto the seabed for its foundations. Luxury loo! The hotel has been renovated with many modern activities and facilities for guests to have a comfortable and memorable stay . Views above the atrium roof are spectacular, and guests can enjoy a meal on the roof overlooking the beautiful coast off the Isle of Wight . The thick 60ft-high concrete walls mean guests can rest easy knowing the fort can withstand any ocean waves crashing again its sides. While it would have cost about £462,500 to build when it was first created, inflation would equate to that figure being closer to £43million today. AmaZing Venues forked out £3million in first transforming sister venue, Spitbank Fort, which opened in 2012, with this venture being three times as big. The glass atrium of the sea fort allows light to stream into the remote hotel. AmaZing Venues spent £3million transforming Spitbank Fort, which opened in 2012, and this new sister venue is three times as big. One way to make an entrance! Guests have to arrive at the isolated fort (right) by speedboat (left) or by helicopter. The remote hotel has two helipads for guests using this option .

the spectacular isolated fort, one of three guarding the entrance to the solent, just off the coast. the unique hotel looks like a fortress of a james bond villain. the no man's fort has been transformed by amazing venues. no man's offers its own spa, a choice of bars and a large sun deck. the boat is set to stay at the most unusual hotels on the ocean.

boat和stay没关系

310
Pet aquarium fish are being dumped in rivers where they damage unique local ecosystems by growing up to twenty times their regular size. Goldfish are being caught weighing up to 2kg and koi carp up to 8kg and one metre in length, in the waterways of Western Australia amongst other exotic introduced species. 'A lot of these fish are much larger than the native fish, so they prey on them and compete for habitat,' Dr David Morgan, the Director of the Centre for Fish and Fisheries Research at Murdoch University, told Daily Mail Australia. Scroll down for video . Goldfish (pictured) weighing up to 2kg are some of the exotic aquarium fish invading and destroying WA's waterways . Koi carp (pictured) weighing up to 8kg and up to one metre in length are another of the 13 introduced pests . The native fish in the region, such as this Balston's Pygmy Perch which has been attacked, are only up 10cm . 'Our native fish are generally less than 10cm in length like the pygmy perch or the native minnows. 'In the south-west of Western Australia 90 per cent of the fish and 100 per cent of the crayfish are only found there, so the rivers are refuges for the native fish and when they are forced to coexist with introduced species, they just don't do very well.' Aside from feasting on local fish and taking their homes, introduced species are also bringing exotic parasites and disease with them. 'In Perth we're aware of a couple of parasites. One is pretty devastating on native fish, it's an anchor worm which is a little crustacean that leaves a hideous, hideous impact on native fish and was probably introduced by goldfish. A huge Murray River Cod was removed from a Perth wetland in Novemeber last year: 'A lot of these fish are much larger than the native fish, so they prey on them and compete for habitat,' Dr David Morgan, the Director of the Centre for Fish and Fisheries Research at Murdoch University, said . Pest carps: 'In the south-west of Western Australia 90 per cent of the fish and 100 per cent of the crayfish are only found there,' he added . 'We've now found it in three rivers around Perth and south of Perth. 'It's been only in the last decade that we've discovered a lot of parasites and disease that we don't know a lot about - there's a lot of things that have come in to Australia that we really don't know anything about.' Research conducted by Dr Morgan and Stephen Beatty found that at least 13 species of fish had been introduced into south-western Australia, with pet owners believed to be the biggest culprits. In 2012, the world's biggest ever specimen of a South American cichlid was found living in WA. 'Goldfish in captivity generally remain orange, grow to about 10-15 cm and weigh less than 100g – in the wild in WA they get to 2KG and 40cm,' Dr Morgan said . Pet owners who have dumped their aquarium fish in rivers are the culprits behind the invasion . In 2012, the world's biggest ever specimen of a South American cichlid (pictured) was found living in WA . 'Effectively people are unknowingly doing it - or occasionally they deliberately do it for fish to catch - but they're basically released by pet owners, so people aren't really aware what damage they're going to have in the ecosystem,' Dr Morgan said. 'What you see up and down Western Australia's coast is a lot of pest fishes are right in town centres and almost every town has one.' The problem is not unique to Australia. Many countries with Mediterranean climates have also had their waterways invaded by aquarium fish which, due to being extremely easy to breed, take off when in the wild. 'Education is our best solution, once fish get in the waterways they're extremely difficult to eradicate,' Dr Morgan, whose organisation euthanizes hundreds of the pests after catching them through electric fishing, said. Introduced species also bring exotic parasites and disease with them . The problem is not unique to Australia. Many countries with Mediterranean climates have also had their waterways invaded by aquarium fish which, due to being extremely easy to breed, take off when in the wild .

goldfish are being caught weighing up to 8kg and one metre in length, in the waterways of western australia. a lot of these fish are much larger than the native fish, so they prey on them and compete for habitat, dr david morgan, the director of the centre for fish and fisheries research at murdoch university. ` our native fish are generally less than 10cm in length like the pygmy perch or the native minnows.'

是koi carp up to one metre in length不是goldfish


总结:很多summary的错误都是简单的张冠李戴，但是模型在大部分语句正确的情况下忽略了张冠李戴的情况


#our result check
15
Many people long to win the lottery and enjoy the trappings of wealth. But for one woman, securing a job at the Pokemon Centre in Japan would be her dream come true. Lisa Courtney, of Hertfordshire, has spent most of her life collecting Pokemon memorabilia of all shapes and sizes. Lisa's mother had to move to the smallest room in the house to make room for her daughter's collection . Lisa Courtney, of Hertfordshire, has spent most of her life collecting Pokemon memorabilia . Indeed the 26-year-old has amassed so many during her 17-year hobby, she now holds the Guinness World Record for the largest collection of Pokemon items, having 25,000 of them spread around the home she shares with her mother, Sharon. 'I just love Pokemon so much - there's just something about it that brings joy to me every day,' said Lisa. Her fixation with the Japanese characters started at the age of nine when she saw a picture of the cartoon's protagonist, Pikachu in a Nintendo magazine. Her collection of the Nintendo franchise has grown so large that her mother  had to move from the largest to the smallest room in their house to make room for her vast array of cuddly toys, models, clothing, badges, flannels and posters. Lisa clinched the Guinness World Record for the largest collection of Pokemon memorabilia in 2009 when she had 12,113 items, but that hasn't stopped her from collecting more. The devoted fan even travelled to Japan when the 11th Pokemon movie was released to get hold of exclusive merchandise that wasn't available in Europe. Lisa Courtney searches for Pokemon items online at her home . Lisa Courtney owns the world's largest collection of Pokemon memorabilia . 'I went for the release of the eleventh Pokemon movie in an attempt to get some exclusive Shaymin merchandise - it was amazing,' she said. Despite having to sacrifice her bedroom, Lisa's mother and the rest of her family are very supportive of her obsession and even buy her more items for special occasions. 'The first toy I ever got was a large Psyduck plush toy from Japan - my mother and grandmother ordered it from a mail order company before Pokemon hit the UK,' she said. 'We had to guess what we were ordering because the names of the Pokemon hadn't even been translated into English yet.' For Lisa, Pokemon isn't simply a cartoon, the programme really helped her through a very difficult stage of her life. For Lisa, Pokemon isn't simply a cartoon, the programme helped her through a very difficult stage of her life . 'I started collecting when I was getting bullied at school, Pokemon was the only thing that made me feel happy.' Sharon Courtney said she did not mind moving to a smaller bedroom as Pokemon was so important to her daughter. 'I love Pokemon now. It helped Lisa through horrific times when she was at school and was kicked in the head and the back. 'Every time she came home and was tearful she would go to Pokemon and she would be smiling. 'She would love to work in Japan at the Pokemon Centre - more than winning the lottery - that would be her dream!' Lisa appears on Collectaholics on BBC2 at 7pm last night . Lisa spends seven hours a week on the internet browsing for new Pokemon releases to buy and trade, she also visits car-boot sales  hunting for rare memorabilia to add to her collection. 'I try and get new merchandise as soon as the new characters come out - it's often difficult as they are only available in Japan and America or are too expensive,' she added. Despite trying to save money where she can Lisa does own one particular item that she is sure must be worth a fortune. 'My most valuable piece is my large Ho-Oh plush toy, it was a prize in Japan, only available in raffles and in their amusement arcades. I bought mine for £60 online. 'I will always collect Pokemon, here's always something new to get. 'For me, Pokemon is like an additional family - it always lifts my spirits.' Watch Collectaholics on BBC iPlayer.

lisa courtney, of hertfordshire, has spent most of her life collecting pokemon memorabilia. she now holds the guinness world record for the largest collection of pokemon memorabilia. her mother had to move to the house to make room for her daughter's collection.

错误：把小房子腾出来，不是搬到房子里

67
Lovingly tended gardens with their manicured lawns and neat flowerbeds were once the very essence of Englishness. But these days we are increasingly using outdoor space for the occasional barbecue or to relax in a hot tub rather than for tending flowers, according to researchers. As a result, only a handful of traditional flowers still grow in English country gardens, with the average one usually containing a mere four species – daffodils, crocuses, roses and tulips. These days we are increasingly using outdoor space for the occasional barbecue or to relax in a hot tub rather than for tending flowers, according to researchers (file image) Almost 40 per cent of people, including 66 per cent of those aged 18-29, spend more time sunbathing and having barbecues in their garden than tending it, according to the survey of 1,000 adults by the garden furniture retailer Alfresia.co.uk. Sir Roy Strong, the landscape designer and former director of the Victoria and Albert Museum, told the Sunday Times: ‘British people used to take pride in having neat gardens with lots of flowers. ‘Now they are watching lots of gardening shows on television but doing less gardening themselves.’ Typical of the trend is Chris Penn, a 31-year-old council officer from Newport, Gwent, who said: ‘The main purpose of our garden is as a space to unwind with a glass of wine on a warm evening after work.’ As a result, only a handful of traditional flowers still grow in English country gardens, with the average one usually containing a mere four species – daffodils, crocuses, roses and tulips (file image) It comes after another recent study found that more and more people are digging up their flower beds to make way for hot tubs and outdoor spas. Despite the unpredictable climate, one in ten households has a hot tub in the garden – and the British and Irish Spa and Hot Tub Association has said sales actually increase in years of cold weather. A survey of 2,000 homeowners carried out for Lloyds TSB Insurance found that 10 per cent of respondents owned a hot tub, with the equipment in the average UK garden now worth £1,928. And around 57 per cent of householders surveyed by Lloyds TSB said they use the garden as a place to relax, rather than to cultivate plants.

almost 40 per cent of people are digging up their flower beds to make way for hot tubs and outdoor spas. only a handful of traditional flowers still grow in english country gardens. average one usually containing a mere four species – daffodils, crocuses, roses and tulips.

只是说spend more time sunbathing，没说dig up flower beds

85
With her sophisticated sense of style and age-defying good looks, Dame Helen Mirren has never looked better. But the Oscar-winning actress, who has won countless accolades for her talents, believes she was in her prime age-wise in the 'unfortunate' 1970s, which, she says, was a 'horrible' time for women. In an interview with Times2, the 69-year-old actress explained: 'I happened to hit the culture at a time that was worse than the f****** 1940s or 1950s. It was horrible.' Scroll down for video . Dame Helen Mirren, pictured last week at the premiere of her new film said she was in her prime age-wise in the 'unfortunate' 1970s, which, she says, was a 'horrible' time for women . Badgley Mischka dress . Click to shop the brand at Farfetch! Visit site . Helen Mirren proves time and again that youth has got nothing to do with style, elegance and beauty. The actress looked stunning at the premiere of The Woman in Gold and showed us just why she's an inspiration to us all. Her dress is by Badgley Mischka and was a great choice for the red carpet. Navy is softer than black and more flattering to all skin tones and ages. And of course a spot of embellishment adds glamour and a sense of festiveness. But Helen didn't shy away from a sexy edge either with that sheer panel across the shoulders. Styled with navy suede pumps by Jimmy Choo, Helen has once again nailed cocktail dressing for the more mature woman. Her exact dress is sadly not available online but click (right) to shop the brand at Farfetch. Or recreate the look with our edit below. Alice + Olivia, ASOS and Reiss have all got great options that will do the trick. Bless'ed are the Meek Perspective Dress at Shopbop (Now $299) Visit site . Alice + Olivia Dress in Caprise Silk at Bloomingdales (Now $198.75) Visit site . ASOS Daisy Embellished Shift Dress (Now $42) Visit site . REISS Dress in Rosalin Sheer Sleeve Lace at Bloomingdales . Visit site . The actress, who starred in  O Lucky Man! in 1973 - when she was in her thirties - and The Long Good Friday in 1980, went on to explain that the ten years after the sexual revolution but before feminism was 'perilous' for women. 'Men saw that as a sort of, "Oh, fantastic! We can f*** anything, however we like, whenever we like! They're up for grabs, boys!" It was that kind of attitude', she said. Mirren also said  revelations about celebrities from that era, such as Jimmy Savile, did not come as a surprise. 'I’m sure that if that f****** bastard was alive today he would be utterly confused. He would think, "They liked it, they loved me, I was a big star, so they wanted it",' she said. The actress, pictured in the 1970s, said that the ten years after the sexual revolution but before feminism was 'perilous' for women . Mirren, pictured, left, this year and, right, in 1976 said that men had a 'Oh, fantastic! We can f*** anything, however we like, whenever we like' kind of attitude in that era . Mirren was speaking ahead of the release of her new film, Woman In Gold, and last week posed on the red carpet with co-star Ryan Reynolds. Indeed, the 38-year-old's eyes were fixed on the 69-year-old's decolletage as they posed for photos at their film's Berlin premiere. And the actor's wife, Blake Lively, shared a snap of the flirty moment with her Instagram fans - joking that she had reason to feel jealous. 'Should I be concerned that my husband's never looked at me this way?...' the 27-year-old quipped in the photo's caption on Saturday. Mirren, pictured in the mid 1970s, was speaking ahead of the release of her new film, Woman In Gold . In her Instagram post she called the Oscar-winning actress 'sexy' and noted that her husband of two years took a gander at her cleavage, writing: '#WhereAreThoseEyesWanderingReynolds #HelenMirrenIStheSexiestWomanAlive #WomanInGold.' Speaking to People, Mirren confessed that she was taken by Reynold's charming manner while filming their forthcoming drama. 'You know, he makes a girl feel good,' she explained. 'Some guys don't. They're macho and attractive, but they make you feel awkward. 'Ryan just makes you feel so great. He's just so generous in his masculinity. He happens to be hunky and gorgeous and everything as well, but when you get a beautiful combination of the two? He is wonderful.' Mirren confessed that she was taken by Reynold's charming manner while filming their forthcoming drama. In Woman In Gold, their on-screen chemistry is apparent as well. It is a real-life story about a Jewish refugee’s battle against the Austrian government to reclaim a family painting stolen by Nazis. The biopic chronicles the heir's 60-year pursuit of Gustav Klimt's painting The Lady in Gold - which now ranks as the fifth most expensive painting ever sold at $135 million . Helen plays Maria Altmann, a woman who was forced to flee her home and life as a socialite in Vienna amid World War II. She enlists young lawyer Randol Schoenberg, played by Ryan, to help her restore her family's past. Considered the Mona Lisa of Austria, Klimt's 1907 The Lady In Gold painting is a portrait of Altmann's aunt Adele Bloch-Bauer, a friend of the famed artist. Katie Holmes and Daniel Brühl also co-star in the movie, directed by My Week With Marilyn's Simon Curtis.

dame helen mirren has won countless accolades for her talents. she believes she was in her prime age-wise in the' unfortunate' 1970s. she says she was a' horrible' time for women.

1970s是horrible，并不是she

105
A Maryland father and his seven children were discovered dead Monday afternoon from carbon monoxide poisoning caused by a generator they were using after the power company had cut off their electricity, according to relatives. The tragic incident took place in Princess Anne - a community of 3,260 in Somerset County, Maryland. Princess Anne police told Daily Mail Online that no foul play was suspected in the deaths. Scroll down for videos . Family wiped out: Eight members of the same family - seven of them children between ages six and 16 - were found dead from carbon monoxide poisoning in their Princess Anne, Maryland, home Monday afternoon . Deceased father: Relatives have identified the adult victim as father of seven Rodney Todd Sr, 36, pictured left and right . Tynijuiza Todd, 15, (left) and her 12-year-old sister Tykira (right) are believed to have perished in the carbon monoxide accident . Eldest: Todd's eldest son Cameron, 13, is pictured with his sister, 15-year-old Tynijuiza . Birthday boy: On March 10, Todd posed for a photo with his son, 7-year-old Zycheim (left and right), saying his birthday was coming up soon . Tynijuiza Todd and all of her sisters perished in the carbon monoxide poisoning . Police Chief Scott Keller confirmed to Delmarva Now that seven of the eight victims were juveniles between the ages of six and 16, but they have not been officially named as of midnight pending the notification of next of kin. Bonnie and Lloyd Edwards, encountered outside the home by a reporter from The Associated Press, identified themselves as the mother and stepfather of Rodney Todd, 36, whom they identified as the adult who died. They said Todd had seven children, including five girls and two boys. Bonnie Edwards identified the children as boys Cameron Todd, 13, and Zycheim Todd, 7; and girls Tynijuiza Todd, 15; Tykira Todd, 12; Tybree Todd, 10; Tyania Todd, 9; and Tybria Todd, 6. Officers who responded to the home in the 30500 block of Antioch Avenue entered the residence and found the eight family members dead inside. Officers observed that a gas generator in the kitchen had run out of fuel. The home had no electricity. Chief Keller said they knew at once 'there weren't any live people in there.' Stephanie Wells, Rodney Todd's supervisor at University of Maryland-Eastern Shore food services, said she last spoke to him March 28. Chief Keller confirmed that the man and his children were last heard from on the last Saturday of March. Horrified: A woman looks away as bodies of the family of eight are removed from a house . Grieving: Lloyd Edwards, left, and Bonnie Edwards, the stepfather and mother of Rodney Todd stand outside the home where Todd and his seven children found dead Monday . Welfare check: Officers responded to the house in the 30500 block of Antioch Avenue after getting a call from the father's employer saying he had not shown up for work Monday morning . Lloyd Edwards said police told them Todd had died. 'It was disbelief,' he said. 'It's so hard. How can you understand something like that?' Mr Edwards also revealed that Delmarva Power had cut off the electricity to the house because of an outstanding bill. Matt Likovich, a spokesman for Delmarva Power, would not say Monday night whether the power had been cut off. He said the matter was being investigated. Edwards said, 'to keep his seven children warm, [Todd] bought a generator. It went out and the carbon monoxide consumed them.' According to AccuWeather.com, on March 29 temperatures dropped overnight into the mid-20s, with highs in the 40s. Bonnie Edwards described her son as a loving, caring young man who set an example for his children. 'I don't know anyone his age who would have done what he did' for his children, she said. 'I was so proud to say he took care of seven kids.' According to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, carbon monoxide is found in fumes produced any time you burn fuel in cars or trucks, small engines, stoves, lanterns, grills, fireplaces, gas ranges, or furnaces. The harmful gas can build up indoors and poison people and animals who breathe it. The most common symptoms of CO poisoning are headache, dizziness, weakness, upset stomach, vomiting, chest pain, and confusion. CO symptoms are often described as 'flu-like.' More than 400 Americans die each year from exposure to carbon monoxide. Sheets are held as a body is removed from a residence where a gas generator in the kitchen had run out of fuel . The local chief of police said his officers knew at once they will not found anyone alive inside the house . Silent killer: Stunned neighbors look an as police probe the CO accident. More than 400 Americans die each year from exposure to carbon monoxide .

the incident took place in princess anne - a community of 3,260 in somerset county, maryland. princess anne police told daily mail online that no foul play was suspected. eight children between ages six and 16 were found dead from carbon monoxide poisoning. tynijuiza todd, 15, and her 12-year-old sister tykira are believed to have perished in the carbon monoxide accident. a maryland father and his seven children were discovered dead monday afternoon. tynijuiza todd and all of her sisters perished in carbon monoxide poisoning. relatives have identified the adult victim as father of seven rodney todd sr.

Family member一共8个，children是7个

156
The alleged racial profiling of suspects by police hit the headlines against last week following the fatal shooting of an unarmed, black father-of-four  during a routine traffic stop in South Carolina. But now, a young African-American man has released a video disputing claims that all white police officers treat suspects 'on the basis of their color', insisting that 'there are good cops out there'. In the footage, which has gone viral on social media, Will Stack, a 22-year-old U.S. Army National Guardsman, recounts his own experience with a 'Caucasian officer' in the state's Lexington County. He explains how he was pulling out of Lexington County Courthouse on Wednesday, to make a left turn, when he decided to use the empty median lane to access the left turn lane, which was full. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . 'Just because you're a cop doesn't mean you're bad': Will Stack, 22, a U.S. Army National Guardsman, has released a video (pictured) disputing claims that all white officers treat suspects 'on the basis of their color' Moments later, he was stopped by the cop for 'improper use of the median'. 'He told me what I did, asked for my license and registration, I gave that to him,' Mr Stack says in the selfie-style video. He continues: 'Now, I will say that why he was here with me, I made sure my hands were on the steering wheel, I made sure to speak very politely as I always do. I did what he told me to do. 'I handed him the information and I sat here and waited and turned my music down.' The officer left Mr Stack's car for a few minutes, before walking back and returning the documents to him. He then explained the proper use of the median to Mr Stack, telling him it 'needs to be open for emergency vehicles'. 'I was in the wrong, I didn't realize it. I did it out of habit,' Mr Stack admits. After acknowledging the officer's words, Mr Stack, a former Psychology student at the University of South Carolina, was given a warning and both him and the cop went their respective ways. In the video,  filmed minutes after the encounter and later posted on Mr Stack's Facebook page, where it has been viewed 1.7million times, Mr Stack goes on to explain why he is telling his story. Traffic stop: In the footage, which has gone viral on social media, Mr Stack recounts his own experience with a 'Caucasian officer' in South Carolina. He says he was given a warning after doing everything the cop said . Praise: Over the past few days, thousands of Facebook users have commented (above) on Mr Stack's selfie-style video, with many praising him for his honesty amid a national scandal over alleged police brutality . Mixed opinion: Although many of the users' comments were positive, others were negative (as seen bottom) 'The point of this is to say that I am an African-American male, this gentleman was Caucasian. There were no problems. He did his job, I did what I was supposed to do, and that was it,' he says. 'I feel like people need to understand that not all officers are crooked, not all officers are racist, bad people, and not all people who get shot or Tasered or arrested by officers are innocent victims. 'Just because you're black doesn't mean you're a victim, just because you're white doesn't mean you're a racist, just because you're a cop doesn't mean you're a bad person.' He adds: 'This world really needs to stop putting labels on people and things and see them as who they are: people doing things. Ignorance has no color. God doesn't see color. Why should we?' Mr Stack captured the video just days after North Charleston officer Michael Slager was arrested for murder for allegedly shooting Water Scott, 50, five times in the back as he was running away. Serviceman: 'I feel like people need to understand... not all officers are racist, bad people, and not all people who get shot or Tasered or arrested by officers are innocent victims,' says Mr Stack (pictured left and right) Scene: Mr Stack was pulling out of Lexington County Courthouse (above) when he was pulled over by the cop . He told WIS that although he had concerns over the use of force  applied by Officer Slager, 33, he was keeping an open mind about the shooting - and did not believe Scott should have tried to flee. Speaking to the station, Mr Stack, who recently completed a deployment with the National Guard and is now job hunting, said: ' It's possible for African Americans and police officers to get along. 'And, not everybody shares the same mindset because nobody's the same, everybody's different.' Over the past few days, thousands of Facebook users have commented on Mr Stack's video, with many praising him for his honesty amid the national scandal over alleged police brutality. Natashalynn Hoag told him: 'Amazingly said!!!!!!! Agreed 100% You have a GREAT head on your shoulders! You were raised wonderfully, your family should be VERY proud of you!!!' And Tina Wisecup Wills wrote: 'Such wise words. Thank you for taking the time to share them.' Shooting: Mr Stack captured the video with the knowledge of North Charleston officer Michael Slager's (right) arrest for murder after he allegedly shot Water Scott (left), 50, five times in the back as he was running away.

video shows all white officers treat suspects 'on basis of color' the footage has gone viral on social media. he was pulling out of lexington county courthouse on wednesday to make a left turn. a young african-american man has released a video disputing claims that all white police officers treat suspects on the basis of their color. mr stack recounts his own experience with a 'caucasian officer' the alleged racial profiling of suspects by police hit the headlines against last week.

video是dispute的

161
Nine Britons – four of them children – were seized by Turkish security forces last night as they tried to slip across the border to an Islamic State stronghold in Syria. The jihadists were caught as they made the final leg of their journey. The three men, two women and four children were detained by soldiers at a checkpoint in Ogulpinar. It is believed the youngest of the four children is two and the eldest is 11. Arrested: Nine British nationals, three men, two women and four children, have been arrested trying to enter Syria illegally, and are now in the custody of Turkish officials (file picture) Fleeing to Syria: Amira Abase, Kadiza Sultana and Shamina Begum at Gatwick in February . Turkey is a key staging ground for foreign fighters attempting to reach IS-controlled areas of Syria and Iraq. Over the past three months more than a dozen Britons, including three teenage schoolgirls, have made the journey. The arrests came as Scotland Yard revealed counter terrorism officers detained a 19-year-old at Luton Airport on Tuesday as he returned from Istanbul. Yahya Rashid is suspected of acting as an Islamic State smuggler, paying for four men and a woman to join the terrorist group in Syria. He is accused of accompanying the group as they travelled to Morocco and then on to Turkey in November. hey are believed to have slipped across the border into Syria before Rashid flew home. He was remanded in custody by Westminster magistrates yesterday to appear at the Old Bailey accused of preparing to commit an act of terror and assisting others in preparing to commit acts of terror. More than 22,000 foreign fighters are now believed to have joined Islamic State from around 100 countries. Yesterday a senior prosecutor revealed that British headteachers fear children may use the Easter break to try to flee to Syria to join IS. Nazir Afzal said two heads had told him of more than a dozen teenage boys and girls thought to have been ‘groomed and seduced’ by jihadists. Joining the jihad: Around 600 Britons, many of them teenagers or young adults, are believed to have joined ISIS since 2013 (file picture) Police had not been told because the unnamed secondary schools – one in East London and one in West London – did not want them placed under investigation, said Mr Afzal, former chief prosecutor for the North West. Several schoolchildren have already gone to Syria. They include four from Bethnal Green Academy in East London – Kadiza Sultana, 16, and 15-year-olds Shamima Begum, Amira Abase and Sharmeena Begum – who fled to become jihadi brides after being radicalised online. Last week it was revealed that four girls from the academy had their passports confiscated by judges to prevent them joining IS. Mr Afzal, who spearheaded the prosecutions of Muslim gangs who groomed underage girls in Rochdale, said: ‘[IS] terrorists are deluded, narcissistic, glory-hunting inadequates who call themselves soldiers, but they’re selling themselves with professionally made videos that make them seem glamorous and sexy. ‘Isn’t that what groomers do? They make these kids feel wanted and loved, they tell them they understand them and they distance them from their friends and family.’ n Islamic State militants have infiltrated a Palestinian refugee camp in Damascus and clashed with a Palestinian group in the jihadis’ deepest foray yet into the Syrian capital, according to a human rights group. IS fighters took over large areas of the Yarmouk camp. If they gain full control, they could threaten the heart of President Bashar al-Assad’s power base.

jihadists were caught as they made the final leg of their journey. three men and four children were detained by soldiers at a checkpoint in ogulpinar. it is believed the youngest of the children is two and the eldest is 11. turkey is key staging ground for foreign fighters attempting to reach is-controlled areas of syria and iraq. nine british nationals arrested trying to enter syria illegally.

 three men and four children以及two women,少了two women

164
The Queen had her fingers firmly crossed but luck was not on her side as he annual visit to Newbury’s opening ended with two near-misses. Capel Path, ridden by Ryan Moore and trained by Sir Michael Stoute, finished third to Richard Hannon’s Desert Force in the Dubai Duty Free Full of Surprises Handicap but it was the Queen’s Hannon-trained two-year-old Ring of Truth who looked the one who got away. The 7-1 shot, making her debut in the five furlong Al Basti Equiworld Maiden Stakes, took time to understand what was required of her as she showed understandable signs of inexperience but the Richard Hughes-ridden daughter of Royal Applause was closing hard on winner Harvard Man at the line and was only touched off by short head. The Queen crossed her fingers for the race but only managed to come close with two near-misses at Newbury . The Queen looked like she was enjoying her day out at Newbury despite not backing a winner at the races . The Queen pictured in the parade ring with jockey Richard Hughes at Newbury racecourse on Friday . The Queen's Ring of Truth (left) pictured making her debut in the five furlong Al Basti Equiworld Maiden Stakes . It was a performance, which if built upon, could make Ring Of Truth worthy of a potential tilt at a race at Royal Ascot. Hannon said: ’It was a nice run and she will be better at six furlongs.’ The royal meeting is the likely destination of Brian Meehan-trained Harvard Man, a fourth winner from seven rides in Britain this season for Italian jockey Antonio Fresu. Meehan said: ‘I think this fellow will go places. All spring he has shown to be a really nice colt. I took him to Kempton for a day out three or four weeks ago for a little school and he was very impressive.’ The Queen's horse was closing hard on winner Harvard Man at the line and was only touched off by short head . The Queen had her fingers firmly crossed on her day out but luck was not on her side at Newbury .

capel path, ridden by ryan moore and sir michael stoute. the richard hughes-ridden daughter of royal applause was closing hard on winner. queen looked like she was enjoying her day out at newbury. the queen crossed her fingers for the race but only managed to come close.

trained by sir michael stoute不是ridden

243
Six hostages who hid in a supermarket freezer during January's Islamist attacks in Paris have sued French media for broadcasting their location live during the siege. Amedy Coulibaly stormed into the Hyper Cacher Jewish store, killing four and taking others captive before being shot dead in a hail of gunfire by French special forces. The heavily televised events in eastern Paris came two days after Cherif and Said Kouachi shot 12 people at the offices of satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo. Patrick Klugman, a lawyer representing the six survivors, said images broadcast from Hyper Cacher on January 9 'lacked the most basic precautions' and endangered those still alive inside. Scroll down for video . Police storm the Hyper Cacher Jewish supermarket, killing an Islamist terrorist in hail of gunfire. Six hostages who hid in a  freezer during the Islamist attacks have sued French media for broadcasting their location live . Terrorist: Amedy Coulibaly slaughtered customers during the siege at the Hyper Cacher store. Lawyers claim French media endangered the lives of hostages hiding a freezer by revealing their location live on air . He singled out French 24-hour news channel BFMTV which revealed live on air that the group - including a three-year-old child and a one-month-old baby - was hiding  in the freezer. They had been taken to the cold room by one of the supermarket's employees. 'The working methods of media in real time in this type of situation were tantamount to goading someone to commit a crime,' Mr Klugman told AFP Thursday, roundly criticising coverage by other outlets of the movements by security forces during the standoff. The lives of those hiding 'could have been at risk if Coulibaly had been aware in real time what BFMTV was broadcasting,' Klugman said. He added that the jihadist was following the coverage of his raid on different channels and had been in contact with BFMTV journalists. The lawsuit charges media  with endangering the lives of others by deliberately ignoring security protocols, which carries a maximum penalty of a year in prison and a €15,000 (£11,000) fine. Extraordinary pictures emerged in the days after the siege showing the hostage huddled together for warmth amid cardboard boxes of food inside the freezer. Defying terror: Hyper Cacher reopened last month with a vow to 'show that life is stronger than barbarity' One woman is seen cradling her child, while in another image a hostage sends a text message to a loved one. Hearing shots, shoppers at the back of the store fled downstairs to the storeroom where they huddled together in temperatures of -3C (27F). Fearing they would not escape alive, they made what they believed would be their last calls to family to tell them they loved them. One man, known only as Ilan, was with his young son and quickly removed his jacket and wrapped him in it as they cowered in freezer for nearly five hours before Coulibaly was shot dead. The Kouachi brothers were also killed after three days of attacks that killed a total of 17 people and deeply shocked France and the world. Hyper Cacher finally reopened last month with a vow to 'show that life is stronger than barbarity'.

amedy coulibaly killed four and taking others captive before being shot dead. cherif kouachi shot 12 people at the offices of satirical magazine charlie hebdo. six hostages who hid in a freezer have sued french media. police storm hyper cacher jewish supermarket in hail of gunfire. lawyer says images show 'lacked basic precautions' and endangered those still alive.

是cherif and Said Kouachi，不是是cherif Kouachi

256
The alleged racial profiling of suspects by police hit the headlines against last week following the fatal shooting of an unarmed, black father-of-four  during a routine traffic stop in South Carolina. But now, a young African-American man has released a video disputing claims that all white police officers treat suspects 'on the basis of their color', insisting that 'there are good cops out there'. In the footage, which has gone viral on social media, Will Stack, a 22-year-old U.S. Army National Guardsman, recounts his own experience with a 'Caucasian officer' in the state's Lexington County. He explains how he was pulling out of Lexington County Courthouse on Wednesday, to make a left turn, when he decided to use the empty median lane to access the left turn lane, which was full. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . 'Just because you're a cop doesn't mean you're bad': Will Stack, 22, a U.S. Army National Guardsman, has released a video (pictured) disputing claims that all white officers treat suspects 'on the basis of their color' Moments later, he was stopped by the cop for 'improper use of the median'. 'He told me what I did, asked for my license and registration, I gave that to him,' Mr Stack says in the selfie-style video. He continues: 'Now, I will say that why he was here with me, I made sure my hands were on the steering wheel, I made sure to speak very politely as I always do. I did what he told me to do. 'I handed him the information and I sat here and waited and turned my music down.' The officer left Mr Stack's car for a few minutes, before walking back and returning the documents to him. He then explained the proper use of the median to Mr Stack, telling him it 'needs to be open for emergency vehicles'. 'I was in the wrong, I didn't realize it. I did it out of habit,' Mr Stack admits. After acknowledging the officer's words, Mr Stack, a former Psychology student at the University of South Carolina, was given a warning and both him and the cop went their respective ways. In the video,  filmed minutes after the encounter and later posted on Mr Stack's Facebook page, where it has been viewed 1.7million times, Mr Stack goes on to explain why he is telling his story. Traffic stop: In the footage, which has gone viral on social media, Mr Stack recounts his own experience with a 'Caucasian officer' in South Carolina. He says he was given a warning after doing everything the cop said . Praise: Over the past few days, thousands of Facebook users have commented (above) on Mr Stack's selfie-style video, with many praising him for his honesty amid a national scandal over alleged police brutality . Mixed opinion: Although many of the users' comments were positive, others were negative (as seen bottom) 'The point of this is to say that I am an African-American male, this gentleman was Caucasian. There were no problems. He did his job, I did what I was supposed to do, and that was it,' he says. 'I feel like people need to understand that not all officers are crooked, not all officers are racist, bad people, and not all people who get shot or Tasered or arrested by officers are innocent victims. 'Just because you're black doesn't mean you're a victim, just because you're white doesn't mean you're a racist, just because you're a cop doesn't mean you're a bad person.' He adds: 'This world really needs to stop putting labels on people and things and see them as who they are: people doing things. Ignorance has no color. God doesn't see color. Why should we?' Mr Stack captured the video just days after North Charleston officer Michael Slager was arrested for murder for allegedly shooting Water Scott, 50, five times in the back as he was running away. Serviceman: 'I feel like people need to understand... not all officers are racist, bad people, and not all people who get shot or Tasered or arrested by officers are innocent victims,' says Mr Stack (pictured left and right) Scene: Mr Stack was pulling out of Lexington County Courthouse (above) when he was pulled over by the cop . He told WIS that although he had concerns over the use of force  applied by Officer Slager, 33, he was keeping an open mind about the shooting - and did not believe Scott should have tried to flee. Speaking to the station, Mr Stack, who recently completed a deployment with the National Guard and is now job hunting, said: ' It's possible for African Americans and police officers to get along. 'And, not everybody shares the same mindset because nobody's the same, everybody's different.' Over the past few days, thousands of Facebook users have commented on Mr Stack's video, with many praising him for his honesty amid the national scandal over alleged police brutality. Natashalynn Hoag told him: 'Amazingly said!!!!!!! Agreed 100% You have a GREAT head on your shoulders! You were raised wonderfully, your family should be VERY proud of you!!!' And Tina Wisecup Wills wrote: 'Such wise words. Thank you for taking the time to share them.' Shooting: Mr Stack captured the video with the knowledge of North Charleston officer Michael Slager's (right) arrest for murder after he allegedly shot Water Scott (left), 50, five times in the back as he was running away.

video shows all white officers treat suspects 'doesn't mean you're bad' the footage has been gone viral on social media. he was pulling out of lexington county courthouse on wednesday to make a left turn. he stopped by the cop for 'improper use of the median' but now, he has released a video disputing claims that all white police officers treat suspects 'on the basis of their color' the alleged racial profiling of suspects by police hit the headlines against last week.

完全胡扯，强行把两句话接起来video shows all white officers treat suspects / 'doesn't mean you're bad'

264
The Queen had her fingers firmly crossed but luck was not on her side as he annual visit to Newbury’s opening ended with two near-misses. Capel Path, ridden by Ryan Moore and trained by Sir Michael Stoute, finished third to Richard Hannon’s Desert Force in the Dubai Duty Free Full of Surprises Handicap but it was the Queen’s Hannon-trained two-year-old Ring of Truth who looked the one who got away. The 7-1 shot, making her debut in the five furlong Al Basti Equiworld Maiden Stakes, took time to understand what was required of her as she showed understandable signs of inexperience but the Richard Hughes-ridden daughter of Royal Applause was closing hard on winner Harvard Man at the line and was only touched off by short head. The Queen crossed her fingers for the race but only managed to come close with two near-misses at Newbury . The Queen looked like she was enjoying her day out at Newbury despite not backing a winner at the races . The Queen pictured in the parade ring with jockey Richard Hughes at Newbury racecourse on Friday . The Queen's Ring of Truth (left) pictured making her debut in the five furlong Al Basti Equiworld Maiden Stakes . It was a performance, which if built upon, could make Ring Of Truth worthy of a potential tilt at a race at Royal Ascot. Hannon said: ’It was a nice run and she will be better at six furlongs.’ The royal meeting is the likely destination of Brian Meehan-trained Harvard Man, a fourth winner from seven rides in Britain this season for Italian jockey Antonio Fresu. Meehan said: ‘I think this fellow will go places. All spring he has shown to be a really nice colt. I took him to Kempton for a day out three or four weeks ago for a little school and he was very impressive.’ The Queen's horse was closing hard on winner Harvard Man at the line and was only touched off by short head . The Queen had her fingers firmly crossed on her day out but luck was not on her side at Newbury .

capel path, ridden by ryan moore and sir michael stoute. the richard hughes-ridden daughter of royal applause was closing hard on winner harvard. queen looked like she was enjoying her day out at the races. the queen crossed her fingers but only managed to come close with two near-misses. queen had her fingers firmly crossed but luck was not on her side.

trained by sir michael stoute不是ridden

274
Dunkin Donuts unveiled a new spring menu earlier this week, prompting a flurry of excitement from the food chain's biggest fans - and a series of serious warnings from health experts about the calorie-laden food options, some of which contain more than half of an adult's recommended daily intake of salt. The new menu contains five new food options - two 340-calorie cheesecake-filled donuts, one 380-calorie loaded bagel, one 640-calorie chicken-filled pretzel bun and a 'low fat' 210-calorie steak and cheese wrap. 'This new menu is laden with calories and fat. Many of these calories are considered "empty calories" meaning that they have little or no nutritional value,' cardiologist Dr Kevin Campbell told Daily Mail Online. Warnings: Dunkin Donuts' new spring menu features the 640-calorie Pretzel Roll Chicken Sandwich which contains 68 per cent of your daily allowance of salt . Sweet tooth? The new menu also features two new flavors of the chain's Cheesecake Square Donuts, which each contain upwards of 340 calories . Obesity and obesity-related illness has become epidemic; in the US alone obesity and obesity-related illness accounts for a $150 billion dollars of healthcare expenditures annually . 'As adults we must set good examples for our children because they pattern our behavior we must avoid eating food such as these presented on the new menu at Dunkin' Donuts.' Indeed, the food chain's new Pretzel Roll Chicken Sandwich - which is described on the Dunkin Donuts website as containing 'delicious breaded chicken, cheddar cheese, bacon and honey mustard' which are all  'served on an oven-toasted pretzel bun' - contains a whopping 640 calories, almost a third of your recommended daily intake. Additionally, the sandwich contains 1,560mg of sale, which is equal to 68 per cent of the daily recommended intake of 2,300mg. The roll also contains 25g of fat - 38 per cent of your daily intake. And when paired with one of Dunkin Donuts' new ice cream-inspired coffee flavors - Rocky Road Swirl, Butter Pecan Swirl, or Cookie Dough Swirl - customers are adding a minimum of 200 odd calories to their meal, if they opt for whole milk and sugar in their coffee. Another option listed on the new menu is the Southwest Supreme Bagel, which is stuffed with cheese, corn, black beans, peppers, tomatoes, onions and spices and contains 380 calories and 890mg of salt - which is 37 per cent of the recommended intake. Something savory: The Southwest Supreme Bagel contains 380 calories and 890mg of salt . Healthy? The 210-calorie Snack N’ Go Steak Wrap is intended to be a low-calorie alternative to the other menu options, however it still contains 25 per cent of your daily saturated fat intake . Healthier than the pretzel roll, yes, but still not the most nutritious treat around. Indeed, the only 'healthy' option offered on the new menu is a small Snack N’ Go Steak Wrap, a 210-calorie snack that contains 'our delicious angus steak, a slice of cheddar cheese and honey mustard sauce, wrapped in a warm tortilla'. But while this tasty treat is being marketed as a healthier, low-calorie option, it still contains five grams of saturated fats, which is the equivalent of 25 per cent of your recommended daily intake. Last, but not least, the menu also contains two new varieties of Dunkin Donuts' signature Cheesecake Square Donut, which is essentially a sugary pastry stuffed with cheesecake filling, this time in Oreo and raspberry flavors. And while the nutritional information for these individual sweet treats has not yet been made available on the Dunkin website, the standard Cheesecake Square Donut contains 340 calories and eight grams of saturated fats - 40 per cent of your daily allowance. Unsurprisingly, the chain's unhealthy menu options have prompted some health-conscious Twitter users to voice their concerns over the calorie-laden choices. 'If Dunkin Donuts replaced their white flour with organic whole wheat and sugar with stevia, they would probably still be unhealthy,' one man wrote, while one woman added: 'These Dunkin Donuts options have to be the most unhealthy things ever.'

dunkin pretzel roll chicken sandwich contains 68 per cent of your daily allowance. the menu contains five new food options - two 340-calorie cheesecake-filled donuts. the new menu features two new flavors of the chain's cheesecake square donuts. obesity and obesity-related illness has become epidemic; in the us alone. dunkin donuts unveiled a spring menu earlier this week.

错误：68 per cent of your daily allowance缺少"of salt"

387
Ipswich boss Mick McCarthy hailed the 'belligerent, stubborn and hard working' qualities of his 'horrible bunch' of players after a determined 1-1 draw at his former club Wolves moved Town closer to securing a place in the SkyBet Championship play-offs. Despite Wolves bouncing back to take a point through Benik Afobe's 31st goal of the season in the 50th minute after a Richard Stearman own goal had given Ipswich a first-half lead, Town's play-off hopes are now in their own hands with two games remaining. Former Wolves boss McCarthy was delighted with his side's determined display and he said: 'It was a good performance and a good point. It is very pleasing. Mick McCarthy's Ipswich were denied three points as rivals Wolves fought back to draw 1-1 on Saturday . 'Wolves were in the ascendancy in the second half but we have had a great, stubborn, belligerent, professional performance - all those horrible words people don't like in football but I do because you win games and win leagues by doing that. 'We are always hard to beat and hard to play against. 'The first thing I said to the players in the dressing room after the game was what a belligerent, stubborn, hard working, tough, horrible bunch you have turned out to be and I love you and I am proud of you because you need all those qualities to be a good team. It is lovely to have. 'A lot of those qualities are probably the reasons why we are where we are. 'It takes a lot of things to be in the top six and there will be teams below us who are all playing sexy football but we are winning games and we are in the top six and we still have a chance of being promoted. 'So to anyone who cocks a snook at the way we are doing it I laugh at them and think it is comical because I think what we do we do well and isn't that what having a job is all about?' Tommy Smith's header (right) rebounds off Wolves defender Richard Stearman for an own goal . McCarthy, who was sacked by Wolves in February 2012 after almost six years in charge of the club, insisted that he did not have anything to prove on his second return to Molineux. He added: 'I think I am very much liked and respected by the Wolves fans and I love the club and the people here so I don't think I have got anything to prove and I always appreciate getting a nice warm welcome coming back. 'But I have taken the point and I am happy with that.' Although they trailed at the break, Wolves needed only five minutes of the second period to draw level when Afobe stabbed home at the far post and they could have gone on to snatch a winner with Nouha Dicko carrying their greatest. McCarthy hails the 'belligerent, stubborn and hard working' qualities of his 'horrible bunch' of Ipswich players . They could not find a second goal, though, and their play-off hopes are now hanging by a thread. However, coach Kenny Jackett insisted they will not be throwing in the towel. He said: 'It is out of our hands and now we will need to win our final two games and other teams will need to lose. But you don't know what will happen. So we need to make sure that we go again next week. 'It is a tough call, we understand that. We will have to see how the table looks but one way or another we have to put in a good performance and give it everything we have got next week at Wigan. Kenny Jackett is still hopeful his Wolves side can secure a Championship play-off spot despite the 1-1 draw . 'If the door is still open through other people slipping up we have to make sure that we are there.' He added: 'We gave it everything against Ipswich. I thought that we showed a lot of spirit, effort and energy in the second half when we pushed Ipswich all the way. The attitude and tempo was there.' 'Ultimately it is a better point for Ipswich than it is for us. We needed to win and I felt that we built up very well in the second half. We got a goal back early on but couldn't break down a very determined and well organised and resolute Ipswich defence. 'The number of times that they got blocks in was high and for us not to break them down in that period was our undoing so I am disappointed with the draw. We needed three points but Ipswich are very, very resolute.'

mick mccarthy was pictured with his side's 31st goal of the season. ipswich were denied three points as wolves fought back to draw 1-1. former wolves boss mccarthy described the 'belligerent, stubborn and hard working' of players.

错误：Benik Afobe's 31st goal不是his 31st goal


总结：主要的错误也是张冠李戴，但是这种很难检测，因为在一个summary大部分都是正确的情况下，只是换了一个人或者物，很难检测。但是相比于summac，已经少了一半


############
###factcc###
############

#summac result check
10
Catania, Italy (CNN)The boat that sank in the Mediterranean over the weekend with hundreds of migrants on board may have capsized after being touched or swamped by a cargo ship that came to its aid, a U.N. official said. Carlotta Asami, a spokeswoman for the United Nations' refugee agency, made the comments to CNN early Tuesday after she and two of her colleagues had spoken to multiple survivors from the disaster who arrived in Catania, Italy. "They say that there was a point in which they were very close and probably what happened is that, you know, a big ship creating a big wave -- they were approaching in a very strong manner and they lost balance," Asami said. The account she offered differs from that provided by Italian authorities on Sunday. They said that as the cargo ship King Jacob approached late Saturday, migrants on the smaller boat moved to one side, hoping to be saved, and caused the vessel to capsize. Mark Clark -- a communications executive representing OSM Maritime Group, the company that manages the King Jacob -- denied that the cargo ship caused the migrant boat to capsize. He said he also believed that people on the migrant boat rushed to one side, causing many to fall off. The cargo ship was going very slowly as it approached, hardly making any waves, Clark told CNN. It deployed rescue boats, a gangway, nets and life rings, he said. The conflicting accounts of the chaotic events highlight the challenges faced by commercial vessels that are often called upon to help in the escalating migrant boat crisis in the Mediterranean. Asami said the survivors whom she and her colleagues spoke to were "consistent" in what they were saying. She said their accounts made it "credible to think" that between 800 and 850 people were on board the boat that capsized roughly 110 kilometers (70 miles) north of Libya. Previous estimates had put the number of people aboard anywhere between 700 and 950. Italian authorities, who have been coordinating the rescue effort, say only 28 survivors were rescued and 24 bodies have been recovered. The King Jacob, whose crew members are all from the Philippines, saved 22 of the survivors, according to Clark. The cause of the shipwreck is part of Italian authorities' investigation, said Giovanni Salvi, Catania's public prosecutor. Investigators want to study the King Jacob's voyage data recorder and find the wreck of the sunken boat, he told a news conference Monday. The likely toll makes the sinking the deadliest known disaster involving migrants crossing the Mediterranean from North Africa. Many of the victims are feared to be still trapped inside the sunken boat. Asami said the survivors told her and her colleagues that they were all on the highest part of the overcrowded boat, while many people were down in the lowest area. Italian authorities said Sunday that an unidentified Bangladeshi survivor had told them that the smugglers had locked many people inside the lower levels of the vessel. Two of the survivors were arrested on suspicion of human trafficking upon arriving in Sicily on Monday, according to Italian police officer Maria Guia Federico. They were the boat's Tunisian captain and a Syrian crew member, said Salvi, the Catania prosecutor. Italian police identified the two suspects through questioning survivors aboard the coast guard vessel that brought them to Catania, Salvi said, according to Italian media. The sinking appears to be the worst among an intensifying spate of migrant boat disasters in the Mediterranean to which European governments are struggling to respond. Vast numbers of people fleeing violence and poverty have been setting out on the risky journey across the Mediterranean to southern Europe for years, but authorities have reported a sharp increase this month in the numbers in need of rescue. The number of deaths has also skyrocketed. The International Organization for Migration said Monday that more than 1,100 people were estimated to have drowned in the waters between Libya and Italy just in the past week. It reported Monday that three other migrant boats could be in distress in international waters. Shipping companies recently warned that European governments are putting what they say is an unfair burden on their vessels to come to the aid of migrant boats in trouble. "We believe it is unacceptable that the international community is increasingly relying on merchant ships and seafarers to undertake more and more large-scale rescues, with single ships having to rescue as many 500 people at a time," the European Community Shipowners Associations said in a letter to EU leaders last month. "Commercial ships are not equipped to undertake such large-scale rescues, which also create serious risks to the safety, health and welfare of ships' crews who should not be expected to deal which such situations," the letter said. Commercial ships rescued more than 40,000 people in the Mediterranean last year, according to the International Organization for Migration. That's higher than the more than 35,000 people saved by the Italian Coast Guard but lower than the 80,000 rescued by the Italian Navy, which was running a special program, Mare Nostrum, for most of the year. European Union ministers met Monday in Luxembourg and proposed a 10-point plan to help address the crisis. "We are not yet working on numbers, but what we have agreed on today is, for sure, the need to increase significantly the resources at sea, and the level of the operation, doing more search and rescue and doing it more together," said Federica Mogherini, the EU high representative for foreign affairs and security police. Mogherini told CNN that the European Union must fight human traffickers, strengthen Europeans' duty to save lives at sea and share responsibility when it comes to the resettlement and relocation of refugees. "We need to fight the organizations that are trafficking and smuggling people, so that we can prevent desperate people from leaving in desperate conditions," Mogherini said. "My pain is that it was a reaction coming too late after so many people died." But some groups said European officials were offering too little too late. "What we needed from EU foreign ministers today was life-saving action, but they dithered," said Justin Forsyth, the chief executive of Save The Children. "With each day we delay we lose more innocent lives and Europe slips further into an immoral abyss," Forsyth said in a statement. "Right now, people desperately seeking a better life are drowning in politics." CNN's Karl Penhaul reported from Catania, and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong. CNN's Hada Messia, Isa Soares and Atika Shubert contributed to this report.

hundreds of migrants on board may have capsized after being touched or swamped by a cargo ship that came to its aid.

错误：是boat have capsized不是hundreds of migrants

435
(CNN)By some estimates, about a third of Americans use some form of alternative medicine, including homeopathic remedies because they find Western medicine inadequate. Creams such as Arnicare for pain relief or liquids such as Sidda Flower Essences for male virility are part of a $2.9 billion business that has seen "explosive growth," according to the FDA. These drugs do not go through the same level of scrutiny as over-the-counter and prescription drugs. But now your over-the-counter homeopathic remedies might soon face stricter scrutiny from the federal government. Products such as the homeopathic cold remedies Coldese and Zicam, among others, came under fire Monday from experts who testified at a Food and Drug Administration hearing Monday. The two-day "listening session," as the FDA calls it, is an opportunity for experts and members of the public to help the FDA decide how it should regulate these products. Critics say the agency is not doing enough. An analysis of hundreds of published studies from the National Health and Medical Research Council in Australia found that homeopathic medicine was no more effective than a placebo. There is no evidence that they actually work, the council claimed, and yet it is a multibillion dollar business. Homeopathy is a medical philosophy that essentially believes your body is the best weapon to fight disease. Homeopathic medicine is based on the idea that "like cures like," meaning if something causes a symptom in your body, if you take a diluted form, it will boost your body's ability to fight it. Typically these remedies include a plant or a mineral in a tiny amount. Do homeopathic treatments for ADHD work? People who represent the industry, such as Mark Land, a member of the American Association of Homeopathic Pharmacists, argue that the current FDA system is a good one and that the products available today are of high quality and label standards are enough. Critics argued otherwise. Dr. Adriane Fugh-Berman testified that most people don't entirely know what homeopathy is and "may assume that these products are dietary supplements or are conventional drugs" since they are often sold on the same shelves as traditional drugs. This practice is "innately misleading," said Fugh-Berman, an associate professor in the department of pharmacology and physiology at Georgetown. Most consumers, she said, don't know that the FDA doesn't "routinely review these products for identity, purity, potency, quality or stability prior to marketing." Opinion: Alternative healing or quackery? While many people believe the drugs are safe in large part because they are highly diluted, products such as Cold-Eeze, if taken according to the recommendations on the label, would be 10 times the recommended dietary allowance (RDA) of zinc for adult females and eight times the recommendation for males, according to Fugh-Berman. Too much zinc can have toxic effects. More than 130 people using another homeopathic medicine with zinc, Zicam, reported to the FDA that they lost their sense of smell. The FDA issued a warning to consumers about it in 2009. There is a misconception that all homeopathic products are "natural" according to the FDA "and therefore safe. Unfortunately, FDA has become aware of significant safety issues associated with homeopathic products in recent years," according to an email from the agency. Other issues include a 2010 FDA warning about Hyland's Teething Tablets. They also recalled the tablets that had inconsistent amounts of belladonna. Larger doses of the substance can be toxic. In 2014, the FDA warned consumers about Pleo Homeopathic drug products having penicillin or derivatives of penicillin. Another expert asking for stricter standards with homeopathic medicine, Janine Jagger with the Familial Mediterranean Fever Foundation, said that there should be stricter label standards that better explained what was actually in the homeopathic product. She believed there was a "deceptive illusion of treatment" when people chose these homeopathic options over pharmaceuticals that have been proven to work. A third of Americans use alternative medicine . A mother and editor of an alternative medicine magazine and website, Peggy O'Mara, testified that homeopathic medicine has helped her family over the years. As a writer and editor of health publications, she said she has seen a growing interest in this kind of medicine, and she believes it is is well-placed. She believes people have more trust that consumers do their research before purchasing the product, as she does. She wishes doctors were better versed in this kind of medicine and believes others want "safe, effective and easily accessible" products that are "nontoxic" alternatives to help people feel better. The public hearing will continue Tuesday. The FDA could make decisions about these labeling and regulation standards some time this year.

drugs do not go through the same level of scrutiny as over-the-counter and prescription drugs.

错误：原文中指出的是those drugs并不是泛指所有
478
(CNN)Three Orthodox rabbis accused of planning and participating in the torture of Jewish men who refused to divorce their wives were convicted Tuesday of conspiring to commit kidnapping. Rabbis Mendel Epstein, 69; Jay Goldstein, 60; and Binyamin Stimler, 39, were found guilty on one count of conspiracy to commit kidnapping in New Jersey federal court. Goldstein and Stimler were also convicted on charges of attempted kidnapping. The rabbis were part of a ring accused of accepting tens of thousands of dollars to orchestrate the kidnappings of Jewish husbands to persuade them through torture involving electric cattle prods and screwdrivers to grant "gets," a document that Jewish law requires a husband to present to his wife in order to be issued a divorce, court papers said. The men were arrested in October 2013 following an FBI sting operation that ended with Goldstein, Stimler and six other men with ski masks, surgical blades and a 30-foot nylon rope in a warehouse in Middlesex County, New Jersey. Lawyers for each of the rabbis told CNN they plan on appealing the convictions. "Rabbi Epstein still firmly believes that he was protecting women's rights and was protecting the agunahs and the families," said Robert Stahl, the lawyer for Epstein. Without a "get," a woman is considered an "agunah," a chained woman bound to a man no matter how over the marriage might actually be. An Orthodox Jewish woman who does not receive a get runs the risk of being shunned in her community and labeled an adulteress if she moves on. Any future children she has are considered bastards permitted to marry only other bastards. "I don't think this was a traditional kidnapping," said Aidan O'Connor, the lawyer for Goldstein. Goldstein is a sofer, a Jewish scribe who transcribes the Torah and writes other religious documents, including divorce papers, his attorney said. Nathan Lewin, the attorney for Stimler, called the verdict "shocking" and said his client was only present at the warehouse as a witness for the ceremonial signing of the document. "There's no evidence that Rabbi Stimler knew what was going to be going on," Lewin said. "Of course we're going to take all the steps to correct this injustice." Epstein's son, David Epstein, was acquitted on Tuesday of kidnapping charges. The jury returned not guilty verdicts on the attempted kidnapping charges against Mendel Epstein, and on more severe kidnapping charges against the three rabbis. Nine other individuals previously pled guilty in the case to conspiracy charges, according to a press release from the U.S. Attorney's office in New Jersey. Henry Mazurek, the lawyer for David Epstein, said his client was grateful for the jury's decision but called his client's acquittals "bittersweet" next to his father's conviction. "He really believes that (his father) was a champion of someone who was voiceless in his religion," Mazurek said. Sentencing is set for July 15. The men face up to life in prison.

rabbis mendel epstein, 69, and binyamin stimler, 39, were found guilty on one count of conspiracy to commit kidnapping in new jersey federal court.

错误： Rabbis Mendel Epstein, 69; Jay Goldstein, 60; and Binyamin Stimler, 39， 一共3人found guilty,漏掉其中一人

#our result check
10
Catania, Italy (CNN)The boat that sank in the Mediterranean over the weekend with hundreds of migrants on board may have capsized after being touched or swamped by a cargo ship that came to its aid, a U.N. official said. Carlotta Asami, a spokeswoman for the United Nations' refugee agency, made the comments to CNN early Tuesday after she and two of her colleagues had spoken to multiple survivors from the disaster who arrived in Catania, Italy. "They say that there was a point in which they were very close and probably what happened is that, you know, a big ship creating a big wave -- they were approaching in a very strong manner and they lost balance," Asami said. The account she offered differs from that provided by Italian authorities on Sunday. They said that as the cargo ship King Jacob approached late Saturday, migrants on the smaller boat moved to one side, hoping to be saved, and caused the vessel to capsize. Mark Clark -- a communications executive representing OSM Maritime Group, the company that manages the King Jacob -- denied that the cargo ship caused the migrant boat to capsize. He said he also believed that people on the migrant boat rushed to one side, causing many to fall off. The cargo ship was going very slowly as it approached, hardly making any waves, Clark told CNN. It deployed rescue boats, a gangway, nets and life rings, he said. The conflicting accounts of the chaotic events highlight the challenges faced by commercial vessels that are often called upon to help in the escalating migrant boat crisis in the Mediterranean. Asami said the survivors whom she and her colleagues spoke to were "consistent" in what they were saying. She said their accounts made it "credible to think" that between 800 and 850 people were on board the boat that capsized roughly 110 kilometers (70 miles) north of Libya. Previous estimates had put the number of people aboard anywhere between 700 and 950. Italian authorities, who have been coordinating the rescue effort, say only 28 survivors were rescued and 24 bodies have been recovered. The King Jacob, whose crew members are all from the Philippines, saved 22 of the survivors, according to Clark. The cause of the shipwreck is part of Italian authorities' investigation, said Giovanni Salvi, Catania's public prosecutor. Investigators want to study the King Jacob's voyage data recorder and find the wreck of the sunken boat, he told a news conference Monday. The likely toll makes the sinking the deadliest known disaster involving migrants crossing the Mediterranean from North Africa. Many of the victims are feared to be still trapped inside the sunken boat. Asami said the survivors told her and her colleagues that they were all on the highest part of the overcrowded boat, while many people were down in the lowest area. Italian authorities said Sunday that an unidentified Bangladeshi survivor had told them that the smugglers had locked many people inside the lower levels of the vessel. Two of the survivors were arrested on suspicion of human trafficking upon arriving in Sicily on Monday, according to Italian police officer Maria Guia Federico. They were the boat's Tunisian captain and a Syrian crew member, said Salvi, the Catania prosecutor. Italian police identified the two suspects through questioning survivors aboard the coast guard vessel that brought them to Catania, Salvi said, according to Italian media. The sinking appears to be the worst among an intensifying spate of migrant boat disasters in the Mediterranean to which European governments are struggling to respond. Vast numbers of people fleeing violence and poverty have been setting out on the risky journey across the Mediterranean to southern Europe for years, but authorities have reported a sharp increase this month in the numbers in need of rescue. The number of deaths has also skyrocketed. The International Organization for Migration said Monday that more than 1,100 people were estimated to have drowned in the waters between Libya and Italy just in the past week. It reported Monday that three other migrant boats could be in distress in international waters. Shipping companies recently warned that European governments are putting what they say is an unfair burden on their vessels to come to the aid of migrant boats in trouble. "We believe it is unacceptable that the international community is increasingly relying on merchant ships and seafarers to undertake more and more large-scale rescues, with single ships having to rescue as many 500 people at a time," the European Community Shipowners Associations said in a letter to EU leaders last month. "Commercial ships are not equipped to undertake such large-scale rescues, which also create serious risks to the safety, health and welfare of ships' crews who should not be expected to deal which such situations," the letter said. Commercial ships rescued more than 40,000 people in the Mediterranean last year, according to the International Organization for Migration. That's higher than the more than 35,000 people saved by the Italian Coast Guard but lower than the 80,000 rescued by the Italian Navy, which was running a special program, Mare Nostrum, for most of the year. European Union ministers met Monday in Luxembourg and proposed a 10-point plan to help address the crisis. "We are not yet working on numbers, but what we have agreed on today is, for sure, the need to increase significantly the resources at sea, and the level of the operation, doing more search and rescue and doing it more together," said Federica Mogherini, the EU high representative for foreign affairs and security police. Mogherini told CNN that the European Union must fight human traffickers, strengthen Europeans' duty to save lives at sea and share responsibility when it comes to the resettlement and relocation of refugees. "We need to fight the organizations that are trafficking and smuggling people, so that we can prevent desperate people from leaving in desperate conditions," Mogherini said. "My pain is that it was a reaction coming too late after so many people died." But some groups said European officials were offering too little too late. "What we needed from EU foreign ministers today was life-saving action, but they dithered," said Justin Forsyth, the chief executive of Save The Children. "With each day we delay we lose more innocent lives and Europe slips further into an immoral abyss," Forsyth said in a statement. "Right now, people desperately seeking a better life are drowning in politics." CNN's Karl Penhaul reported from Catania, and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong. CNN's Hada Messia, Isa Soares and Atika Shubert contributed to this report.

hundreds of migrants on board may have capsized after being touched or swamped by a cargo ship that came to its aid.

错误：是boat have capsized不是hundreds of migrants

267
(CNN)Larry Johnson remembers the fear and feeling of helplessness from being on the SkyWest Airlines flight that made an emergency landing in Buffalo, New York. "I thought we were done," he said Thursday, one day later. "There was no doubt in my mind that we weren't going to land." Johnson was flying with his brother, his girlfriend and his 8-month-old son when he says a flight attendant came over the speaker asking for someone who was medically trained to help with a sick passenger. Minutes later, Johnson says, the attendant announced there was a pressurization problem and told passengers to prepare for the emergency landing. "You're going to feel dizzy and woozy and lightheaded, and you're not going to be able to breathe," Johnson recalled the flight attendant saying. The Federal Aviation Administration on Wednesday initially reported a pressurization problem with SkyWest Flight 5622, and said it would investigate. It later issued a statement that did not reference any pressurization issues. "It was like being trapped and you couldn't do anything. You have no control over it. Your body just felt pressured," Johnson said. Johnson said his girlfriend was seeing spots and that "when I was blinking, it was really bright. I could barely see." According to Marissa Snow, spokeswoman for SkyWest, three passengers reported a loss of consciousness while on the flight. Fifteen passengers were examined by medical personnel at the Buffalo airport, but no one was transported to the hospital, she said. The spokeswoman said that maintenance personnel found no indication of a pressurization problem with the aircraft, an Embraer E170, and that the airline continues to investigate the cause. An official with the National Transportation Safety Board told CNN that the agency is in communication with the FAA and SkyWest to gather information on the incident to better understand what took place. Mary Cunningham was the nurse on board who attended to the first sick passenger. "There was a woman, very lethargic, very nauseous, turning gray, just not looking good," Cunningham said. After administering oxygen to the woman, Cunningham, a nurse at Yale-New Haven Hospital in Connecticut, returned to her seat. Soon after, Cunningham said, she was called up again by the flight attendant after another women near the first started to lose consciousness. "It was something that was affecting oxygen in that area," which was near the middle of the plane, she said. Cunningham said she had to return to her seat after feeling lightheaded. There were 84 passengers on board the plane, including nine crew members. Flight 5622 was originally scheduled to fly from Chicago to Hartford, Connecticut. The plane descended 28,000 feet in three minutes. "It would feel like a roller coaster -- when you're coming over the top and you're going down," CNN aviation analyst Mary Schiavo said, describing how such a descent would feel. "You know that these pilots knew they were in a very grave and very serious situation." Johnson, flying to visit his parents with their only grandchild, was glad that roller coaster ride ended safely. "It was a shaky ride. It wasn't anything I would like to experience again," he said. CNN's Jean Casarez, Josh Gaynor, Dana Ford and Stephanie Gallman contributed to this report.

the airline says it's investigating the cause of a pressurization problems.

错误：是Federal Aviation Administration says,不是airline says

286
(CNN)Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin signed a bill on Friday that would allow the state to perform executions with nitrogen gas if lethal injection is ruled unconstitutional or becomes unavailable. Nitrogen causes a quick loss of consciousness and then death from lack of oxygen, Fallin's office said in a press release. CNN affiliate KFOR says it's never been used in an execution in the United States. "The person will become unconscious within eight to 10 seconds and death a few minutes later. In other words, a humane, quick and painless death," said Rep. Mike Christian, one of the bill's authors, according to KFOR. Robert Dunham, executive director of the Death Penalty Information Center, told the Washington Post that the same "painless" argument had been used to advance the use of lethal injections. "The hasty manner in which this bill sped into law reflects the same lack of care with which Oklahoma has managed its execution process historically," he said. Oklahoma's executions have been put on hold while the U.S. Supreme Court reviews its use of lethal injections. Last year, the state came under scrutiny when it took 43 minutes to kill convicted killer Clayton Lockett. Fallin reaffirmed her support for the death penalty. "Oklahoma executes murderers whose crimes are especially heinous," Fallin said. "I support that policy, and I believe capital punishment must be performed effectively and without cruelty. The bill I signed today gives the state of Oklahoma another death penalty option that meets that standard." The governor's office said the first alternative for execution is lethal injection, followed by nitrogen gas, the electric chair and the firing squad.

"the person will become unconscious within eight to 10 seconds and death," says one of the bill's authors.\

错误：并不是bill's authors说的，是CNN affiliate KFOR说的

393
(CNN)Did former New England Patriot Aaron Hernandez kill Odin Lloyd, a man who was dating the sister of Hernandez's fiancee and might have become his future brother-in-law? Hernandez has pleaded not guilty to murder and two weapons charges, setting the stage for his trial in Fall River, Massachusetts, that began in January. He's accused of orchestrating  the shooting death of Lloyd. During closing arguments, Prosecutor William McCauley called the football player the trigger man. Jury deliberations began Tuesday. Even after closing arguments, the motive is still unclear but not legally required to get a conviction. Still, jurors like to know a motive. Evidence collected in Lloyd's death led to two more murder charges against Hernandez in a separate case in Boston. It's scheduled to begin in May, but officials say it will be pushed back. The trial has involved a complicated cast of characters, including two sisters who played important roles in the lives of Hernandez and Lloyd . Here is a primer: . Inside the case against Aaron Hernandez . Odin Lloyd . Odin Lloyd was a 27-year-old semi-pro football player for the Boston Bandits.  He was found dead on June 17, 2013, less than a mile from Hernandez's home in North Attleboro, Massachusetts. He had been shot six times. Lloyd met Hernandez while dating Shaneah Jenkins, the sister of Hernandez's fiancee, Shayanna Jenkins. Hernandez is charged with orchestrating Lloyd's execution. Daniel de Abreu and Safiro Furtado . Daniel de Abreu and Safiro Furtado were killed outside a Boston nightclub on July 16, 2012. Earlier that evening, prosecutors say, de Abreu accidentally bumped into Hernandez, spilling a drink.  Later that night, Hernandez was driving an SUV and allegedly pulled up alongside de Abreu and Furtado's car near the nightclub and fired a .38-caliber revolver at them, killing them. The trial judge in the Lloyd case barred any mention of the Boston deaths, ruling it would be prejudicial. Alexander Bradley . Authorities say  Alexander Bradley is Hernandez's former right hand man  who was allegedly with Hernandez  on the night de Abreu and Furtado were killed. He is not facing any charges in that case, but he is jailed on unrelated charges. He is suing Hernandez for allegedly shooting him in the face in February 2013, four months before Lloyd's death. Bradley says Hernandez accused him of "disrespecting him" over a cell phone left in a Miami strip club.  Bradley testified against Hernandez in Lloyd's death, telling jurors he saw Hernandez handling what appeared to be a Glock semi-automatic pistol during a trip to Florida. The trial barred him from saying he accused Hernandez of shooting him in the face. Carlos Ortiz . Carlos Ortiz, nicknamed Charlie Boy, is also charged with murder in the death of Lloyd and has pleaded not guilty. A law enforcement source says he cooperated with police and described the night of Lloyd's death. Ernest Wallace . Ernest Wallace is also charged with murder in the death of Lloyd. He has pleaded not guilty and is being tried separately.  Prosecutors call him the "muscle man" for Hernandez. They say he was in the car with Hernandez, Lloyd, and Carlos Ortiz an hour before the car is seen on video heading to the industrial park where Lloyd was killed. Shayanna Jenkins . Shayanna Jenkins is Hernandez's fiancee and the mother of their daughter. She is charged with perjury, accused of lying to a grand jury about guns in their home. She has pleaded not guilty. Her sister, Shaneah, was dating Lloyd at the time of his death. Shaneah Jenkins . Shaneah Jenkins is the girlfriend of Lloyd. Her sister is Hernandez's fiancée. In court, the two sisters sit on opposite sides, Shayanna with the defense and Shaneah with the prosecution. Tanya Cummings-Singleton . Tanya Cummings-Singleton is a cousin of Hernandez. In her garage, police found the SUV allegedly driven by Hernandez and linked to the 2012 Boston double homicide. She was twice charged with contempt of court for refusing to testify before two grand juries despite immunity offers. She has pleaded guilty to obstruction in the Lloyd case. She is also suffering from cancer. Thaddeus Singleton . Thaddeus Singleton, husband of Tanya Cummings-Singleton, was killed in a car accident after Lloyd's slaying. Police say his speeding car went airborne and crashed. A source says police planned to interview him about his relationship with Hernandez. Shaquilla Thibou . Shaquilla Thibou is the sister of Lloyd. At trial she testified she saw her brother get into a car with three men who turned out to be Hernandez, Wallace and Ortiz before he was killed. Prosecutors say she received a final text from her brother that night minutes before he was shot telling her he was with "Nfl," adding, "just so u know." The judge has ruled that text inadmissible at trial, saying there is no proof it meant Lloyd feared for his life. Terri Hernandez . Terri Hernandez is Aaron Hernandez's mother. She is a school secretary. Dennis Hernandez . Dennis Hernandez was Aaron Hernandez's father. He had a close relationship with his sons and was deeply involved in their sports training. He died unexpectedly after hernia surgery when Hernandez was 16. DJ Hernandez . DJ Hernandez is Aaron Hernandez's older brother. He was a star high school athlete. He also was a standout athlete at the University of Connecticut and is an assistant coach at the University of Iowa. The prosecution . District Attorney Samuel Sutter, who had been leading the prosecution against Hernandez, is the newly elected mayor of Fall River, where the trial is being held. Assistant District Attorneys William McCauley and Patrick Bomberg are on the team leading the case against Hernandez.  "Probably my career ... will be defined more by this case than all of the other things we've done," Sutter has said. The defense . Attorneys James Sultan, Michael Fee and Charles Rankin are handling Hernandez's defense. In opening statements, Fee said Hernandez "was planning a future, not a murder."  Before trial, Rankin said he is confident Hernandez will be exonerated.

aaron hernandez kill odin lloyd, a man who was dating the sister of hernandez's fiancee.

错误：法庭还没有宣判Did aaron hernandez kill odin lloyd,正在调查中


427
Sanaa, Yemen  (CNN)Saudi airstrikes over Yemen have resumed once again, two days after Saudi Arabia announced the end of its air campaign. The airstrikes Thursday targeted rebel Houthi militant positions in three parts of Sanaa, two Yemeni Defense Ministry officials said. The attacks lasted four hours. The strikes caused no casualties, but did destroy all three military compounds that were targeted, the officials said. They said Saudi airstrikes were also targeting Houthi positions in Lahj province. On Tuesday, Saudi Arabia announced the end of its Operation Decisive Storm, a nearly month-long air campaign against Houthi positions. The Saudi-led coalition said a new initiative was underway, Operation Renewal of Hope, focused on the political process. But less than 24 hours later, after rebel forces attacked a Yemeni military brigade, the airstrikes resumed, security sources in Taiz said. Five airstrikes targeted a weapons depot in the province late Wednesday, two Taiz security officials said. They said explosions lasted for about 40 minutes. Saudi Arabia and its coalition partners started pounding Houthi positions across Yemen starting on March 26, hoping to wipe out the Iranian-allied rebel group that overthrew the Yemeni government and seized power. The Saudis say they want to restore the Yemeni government -- a key U.S. ally in the fight against al Qaeda -- which was kicked out of the capital by the rebels earlier this year. This month, Saudi officials said airstrikes have degraded Houthi-controlled military infrastructure, including key buildings in Sanaa. The campaign achieved its objectives "by a very good planning, very precise execution, by the courage of our pilots, our sailors, our soldiers," said Brig. Gen. Ahmed Asiri, a Saudi military spokesman. A senior Saudi official told CNN that the Houthis agreed to "nearly all demands" of the U.N. Security Council. A statement from the Saudi Embassy in Washington outlined objectives of the next phase of operations, including protecting civilians, enhancing humanitarian and medical assistance, confronting terrorism and creating an international coalition to provide maritime security. Ground troops will continue to protect the border and confront any attempts to destabilize the situation, Asiri said. Military action will be taken if needed. Houthi leader: 'Anyone who thinks we will surrender is dreaming' On Wednesday, Houthis released Yemeni Defense Minister Mahmoud al-Subaihi in Sanaa, a senior Saudi source said on the condition of anonymity. The Houthis had said they detained the defense minister at an air base near the Yemeni port city of Aden on March 26, shortly before the Saudis began their airstrike campaign. The rebels had captured the base that day as part of an advance on the Aden area. The United Nations demanded al-Subaihi's release earlier this month. But beyond the military campaign, the Saudis and their allies have said they want to find a political solution for the violence-plagued nation. President Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, who says he's Yemen's legitimate leader, thanked the Saudi-led coalition. He is working with the Saudis and other allies to return to his country. "We promise to restructure the Yemen military to ensure that it serves the people of Yemen," Hadi said, calling on the Houthis to withdraw, and saying that he would return to Yemen at "the right time" to rebuild the country. "You will witness many changes in the days to come in our mission to build an institutional government and military, far from rebel militancy." Why is Saudi Arabia bombing Yemen? Hakim Almasmari reported from Sanaa; Holly Yan reported and wrote from Atlanta. CNN's Mohammed Tawfeeq, Salim Essaid, Nic Robertson and Josh Levs contributed to this report.

the attacks lasted four hours, two days after rebel forces attacked yemeni military troops.

错误：two days after Saudi Arabia announced the end of its air campaign,不是after rebel forces attacked yemeni military troops.


435
(CNN)By some estimates, about a third of Americans use some form of alternative medicine, including homeopathic remedies because they find Western medicine inadequate. Creams such as Arnicare for pain relief or liquids such as Sidda Flower Essences for male virility are part of a $2.9 billion business that has seen "explosive growth," according to the FDA. These drugs do not go through the same level of scrutiny as over-the-counter and prescription drugs. But now your over-the-counter homeopathic remedies might soon face stricter scrutiny from the federal government. Products such as the homeopathic cold remedies Coldese and Zicam, among others, came under fire Monday from experts who testified at a Food and Drug Administration hearing Monday. The two-day "listening session," as the FDA calls it, is an opportunity for experts and members of the public to help the FDA decide how it should regulate these products. Critics say the agency is not doing enough. An analysis of hundreds of published studies from the National Health and Medical Research Council in Australia found that homeopathic medicine was no more effective than a placebo. There is no evidence that they actually work, the council claimed, and yet it is a multibillion dollar business. Homeopathy is a medical philosophy that essentially believes your body is the best weapon to fight disease. Homeopathic medicine is based on the idea that "like cures like," meaning if something causes a symptom in your body, if you take a diluted form, it will boost your body's ability to fight it. Typically these remedies include a plant or a mineral in a tiny amount. Do homeopathic treatments for ADHD work? People who represent the industry, such as Mark Land, a member of the American Association of Homeopathic Pharmacists, argue that the current FDA system is a good one and that the products available today are of high quality and label standards are enough. Critics argued otherwise. Dr. Adriane Fugh-Berman testified that most people don't entirely know what homeopathy is and "may assume that these products are dietary supplements or are conventional drugs" since they are often sold on the same shelves as traditional drugs. This practice is "innately misleading," said Fugh-Berman, an associate professor in the department of pharmacology and physiology at Georgetown. Most consumers, she said, don't know that the FDA doesn't "routinely review these products for identity, purity, potency, quality or stability prior to marketing." Opinion: Alternative healing or quackery? While many people believe the drugs are safe in large part because they are highly diluted, products such as Cold-Eeze, if taken according to the recommendations on the label, would be 10 times the recommended dietary allowance (RDA) of zinc for adult females and eight times the recommendation for males, according to Fugh-Berman. Too much zinc can have toxic effects. More than 130 people using another homeopathic medicine with zinc, Zicam, reported to the FDA that they lost their sense of smell. The FDA issued a warning to consumers about it in 2009. There is a misconception that all homeopathic products are "natural" according to the FDA "and therefore safe. Unfortunately, FDA has become aware of significant safety issues associated with homeopathic products in recent years," according to an email from the agency. Other issues include a 2010 FDA warning about Hyland's Teething Tablets. They also recalled the tablets that had inconsistent amounts of belladonna. Larger doses of the substance can be toxic. In 2014, the FDA warned consumers about Pleo Homeopathic drug products having penicillin or derivatives of penicillin. Another expert asking for stricter standards with homeopathic medicine, Janine Jagger with the Familial Mediterranean Fever Foundation, said that there should be stricter label standards that better explained what was actually in the homeopathic product. She believed there was a "deceptive illusion of treatment" when people chose these homeopathic options over pharmaceuticals that have been proven to work. A third of Americans use alternative medicine . A mother and editor of an alternative medicine magazine and website, Peggy O'Mara, testified that homeopathic medicine has helped her family over the years. As a writer and editor of health publications, she said she has seen a growing interest in this kind of medicine, and she believes it is is well-placed. She believes people have more trust that consumers do their research before purchasing the product, as she does. She wishes doctors were better versed in this kind of medicine and believes others want "safe, effective and easily accessible" products that are "nontoxic" alternatives to help people feel better. The public hearing will continue Tuesday. The FDA could make decisions about these labeling and regulation standards some time this year.

drugs do not go through the same level of scrutiny as over-the-counter and prescription drugs.

错误：原文中指出的是those drugs并不是泛指所有



############
##summeval##
############

#summac result check
6
Paul Merson has restarted his row with Andros Townsend after the Tottenham midfielder was brought on with only seven minutes remaining in his team's 0-0 draw with Burnley on Sunday. 'Just been watching the game, did you miss the coach? #RubberDub #7minutes,' Merson put on Twitter. Merson initially angered Townsend for writing in his Sky Sports column that 'if Andros Townsend can get in (the England team) then it opens it up to anybody.' Paul Merson had another dig at Andros Townsend after his appearance for Tottenham against Burnley . Townsend was brought on in the 83rd minute for Tottenham as they drew 0-0 against Burnley . Andros Townsend scores England's equaliser in their 1-1 friendly draw with Italy in Turin on Tuesday night . The former Arsenal man was proven wrong when Townsend hit a stunning equaliser for England against Italy and he duly admitted his mistake. 'It's not as though I was watching hoping he wouldn't score for England, I'm genuinely pleased for him and fair play to him – it was a great goal,' Merson said. 'It's just a matter of opinion, and my opinion was that he got pulled off after half an hour at Manchester United in front of Roy Hodgson, so he shouldn't have been in the squad. 'When I'm wrong, I hold my hands up. I don't have a problem with doing that - I'll always be the first to admit when I'm wrong.' Townsend hit back at Merson on Twitter after scoring for England against Italy . Sky Sports pundit  Merson (centre) criticised Townsend's call-up to the England squad last week . Townsend hit back at Merson after netting for England in Turin on Wednesday, saying 'Not bad for a player that should be 'nowhere near the squad' ay @PaulMerse?' Any bad feeling between the pair seemed to have passed but Merson was unable to resist having another dig at Townsend after Tottenham drew at Turf Moor.

paul merson has restarted his row with andros townsend after the tottenham midfielder was brought on with only seven minutes remaining in his team 's 0-0 draw with burnley . townsend was brought on in the 83rd minute for tottenham as they drew 0-0 against burnley . paul merson had another dig at andros townsend after scoring for england against italy .

错误：paul merson had another dig at andros townsend和after scoring for england against italy不是一句话

66
A dress worn by Vivien Leigh when she played Scarlett O'Hara in the classic 1939 film Gone With the Wind has fetched $137,000 at auction. Heritage Auctions offered the gray jacket and skirt, featuring a black zigzag applique, plus more than 150 other items from the Academy Award-winning film at auction on Saturday in Beverly Hills, California. The dress - a jacket and full skirt ensemble - was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie, including when Scarlett O'Hara encounters Rhett Butler, played by Clark Gable, and when she gets attacked in the shanty town. Scroll down for video . An outfit worn in several scenes of the 1939 film Gone With The Wind by Vivien Leigh as she played Scarlett O'Hara sold for $137,000 at auction on Saturday . The dress - a jacket and full skirt ensemble - was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie but has suffered a little with age and has faded to light gray from original slate blue-gray color . The outfit has suffered a little with age, however. When Leigh wore it in the movie, it was slate blue-gray but over the years it has faded to light gray. It was one of more than 150 items that were part of the private collection of James Tumblin, formerly in charge of the hair and makeup department at Universal Studios. Tumblin began collecting onscreen costumes, props and behind-the-scenes artifacts from the film in the 1960s, amassing a collection of more than 300,000 pieces of memorabilia. During a visit to the Western Costume Company he spotted the Scarlett O'Hara dress on the floor. He learned that the dress was about to be thrown away and negotiated a deal to buy it for $20. Tumblin has 'devoted his life and efforts to promoting Hollywood and this film, touring his items throughout the United States,' said Kathleen Guzman, managing director of Heritage Auctions. Gone With The Wind, which celebrated its 75th anniversary last year, was based on Margaret Mitchell's 1936 best-selling book about a spoiled Old South socialite, played by Vivien Leigh, and co-starred Clark gable as Rhett Butler . Hattie McDaniel (left), Olivia DeHavilland (middle), and Vivien Leigh: McDaniel famously became the first African-American actor to be nominated for and win an Academy Award . Other top selling items from the auction were a straw hat worn by Leigh that sold for $52,500; the trousers and jacket from a suit worn by Clark Gable as Rhett Butler, selling for $55,000; and a black bonnet worn by both Leigh and Olivia De Havilland as Melanie Wilkes, which fetched $30,000. Gone With The Wind, which celebrated its 75th anniversary last year, was based on Margaret Mitchell's 1936 best-selling book about a spoiled Old South socialite. Actress Hattie McDaniel, who played Scarlett's devoted nanny Mammy, a slave, famously became the first African-American actor to be nominated for and win an Academy Award.

scarlett o'hara sold for $ 137,000 at auction on saturday in beverly hills , california . the dress - a jacket and full skirt ensemble - was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie . it was one of more than 150 items which were part of the private collection of james tumblin .

错误：是dress sold for,不是scarlett o'hara


170
(CNN)The classic video game "Space Invaders" was developed in Japan back in the late 1970's -- and now their real-life counterparts are the topic of an earnest political discussion in Japan's corridors of power. Luckily, Japanese can sleep soundly in their beds tonight as the government's top military official earnestly revealed that the country's Air Self Defense Force (ASDF) had never encountered an extraterrestrial unidentified flying object. Responding to a query from flamboyant former wrestler-turned-lawmaker Antonio Inoki, Defense Minister Gen Nakatani told the Diet, Japan's parliament, that his jets had, to date, never come across any UFOs from outer space. "When the Air Self Defense Force detects indications of an unidentified flying object that could violate our country's airspace, it scrambles fighter jets if necessary and makes visual observation," Nakatani said. He continued: "They sometimes find birds or flying objects other than aircraft but I don't know of a case of finding an unidentified flying object believed to have come over from anywhere other than Earth." Inoki has appeared in the U.S.-based WWE -- which describes him as "among the most respected men in sports-entertainment" -- and is the founder of the New Japan Pro Wrestling organization. He entered Japan's Upper House for a second stint in politics in 2013. He also famously fought Muhammad Ali in 1976, in one of the first-ever mixed-discipline matches, which would later pave the way for today's wildly popular Mixed Martial Arts contests. Before his return to politics he was a regular fixture on Japanese TV variety shows and has promoted a slew of products, from hot sauce to banks. The maverick politician also traveled to Iraq in 1990 to try to secure the release of Japanese hostages, and has more recently attempted to replicate former NBA star Dennis Rodman's "basketball diplomacy" by staging a wrestling tournament in North Korea. He reportedly converted to Islam in the 1990s, although he says he practices both Islam and Buddhism. The lawmaker, who is universally known in Japan for his colossal chin and once-ever-present red scarf -- these days often replaced with a red necktie -- as much as for his political achievements, had asked a Upper House Budget Committee meeting if aircraft were ever scrambled to meet extraterrestrial threats, and if research was being done into alien visitors, prompting Nakatani's response. Inoki also claims to have seen a UFO with his own eyes, but admitted that he didn't know personally if aliens existed. The exchange wasn't the first time Japanese politicians have discussed the implications of visitors from another planet. In 2007 then-Defense Minister Shigeru Ishiba pondered the legal ramifications, under Japan's pacifist constitution, of a defense against an invasion from outer space. READ MORE: Japan unveils Izumo, its largest warship since World War II .

`` space invaders '' was developed in japan back in the late 1970 's -- and now their real-life counterparts are the topic of an earnest political discussion in japan 's corridors of power . luckily , japanese can sleep soundly in their beds tonight as the government 's top military official earnestly . inoki has appeared in the u.s.-based wwe -- which describes him as `` among the most respected men in sports-entertainment '' .

错误：as the government 's top military official earnestly 话都没说完

211
The dismissal of Paul Downton as England's managing director may be the big talking point in English cricket but focus has already shifted to the start of the county championship season. However, you don't have to go to far before talk returns to the England team again as Kevin Pietersen cut a range of emotions as he posed for the Surrey team photo before the start of the new campaign. Pietersen looked in deep thought as he sat right at the end of the team photo, but was otherwise in a jovial mood as a potentially sensational return to the England set-up took a step closer. Kevin Pietersen takes a moment to reflect ahead of a team photo shoot for Surrey . The event at the KIA Oval comes before the start of the County Championship season . As team-mates turn their attention to other matters, Pietersen looks ahead in deep thought . The batsman joked with photographers at the KIA Oval for the photo session, with Surrey set to begin their campaign at Glamorgan on April 19. Downton's sacking on Wednesday has paved the way for the 34-year-old to return to the international set-up having been controversially axed by the former managing director in 2014. It was during the last Ashes tour for England in Australia last year when Pietersen last featured at international level, in a disastrous trip which saw his side suffer a whitewash series defeat. With England hoping to regain the urn this summer on home soil, Pietersen has rejoined Surrey in an attempt to force his way back into the Test set-up. Surrey play Oxford MCCU in a MCC University match on Sunday. Kevin Pietersen took his place on the right of the front row for the Surrey team photo shoot at the KIA Oval . Using his camera, Pietersen turned the tables to take pictures of photographers . Team-mate Chris Tremlett flashes a smile as he and Pietersen share a joke during the event . Photographers gather round Pietersen to get close-up pictures of the batsman . Pietersen flashes a cheeky grin to the camera as he sat at the end of the front row for the team photo . Pietersen was all smiles as he joked with team-mates ahead of the new county championship season . Pietersen smiles as he sits alongside Chris Tremlett (second right), Stuart Meaker (centre), Jason Roy (second left) and Jade Dernbach . Pietersen walks out to the KIA Oval pitch with a tracksuit top on, closely followed by his Surrey team-mates . Pietersen  jokes with a photographer during the Surrey CCC photocall at The Kia Oval . Pietersen looks on from inside the KIA Oval as he hopes to work his way back into the England set-up with Surrey .

pietersen takes a moment to reflect ahead of a team photo shoot for surrey . kevin pietersen cut a range of emotions as he posed for the surrey team . downton 's sacking has been axed by former managing director in 2014 . pietersen looked in deep thought as he sat right at the end of team photo . the event comes before the start of the county championship season .

错误：downton 's sacking has paved 不是been axed by former managing director in 2014

244
Kaitlyn Granado, 24, was arrested on Monday amid claims she had sex with pupil, 15, in her car on consecutive nights in January . A Texas math teacher has been accused of having sex with an underage pupil from a Texas high school a month after she was arrested for letting another teenage touch her breasts. Kaitlyn Granado, 24, a teacher at MacArthur High School in Irving, was first arrested on March 19 for having an inappropriate relationship with a 15-year-old student, and was released on bail. Now she has been arrested again after another pupil, also aged 15, also accused Granado of having sex with him on two consecutive nights in January this year. According to the affidavit, seen by the Star-Telegram, the teen claims the sexual relationship took place in her car late at night on January 18 and 19 across the road from another school in Dallas. The abuse came to light after a school police officer learned of a possible relationship between Granado and one of the boys last month. She was arrested on March 19, and in a police interview she admitted kissing the pupil and allowing him to touch her breasts in April the previous year, according to the Dallas Morning News. She was subsequently suspended from teaching and put on administrative leave by school officials. At the time, detectives said they didn't think she had been in a relationship with any other pupils, but just days later, on March 24, officers quizzed a second boy about a possible relationship with her. A spokesman for the police department said: 'There was some discussion, some rumoring, there may have been a second person involved. 'That information came from within the school, and it turned out to be true.' Granado, who is a maths teacher at MacArthur High School in Irving, Texas (pictured), was also arrested last month when she admitted kissing another boy, also 15, and lettin him touch her breasts . Granado was booked into Irving County Jail for the second time on Monday, and released after posting a $50,000 bail. It is not known how Granado intends to plead to the second set of charges against her. A spokesman for Irving school district said: 'While privacy laws prevent us from sharing specific details, we can reassure our families that we took immediate and appropriate action. 'Being on administrative leave prevents her from working with students and being present on any Irving ISD property.'

kaitlyn granado , 24 , was arrested on monday amid claims she had sex with pupil , 15 , in her car on consecutive nights in january . the teen claims the sexual relationship took place in her car late at night on january 18 and 19 across the road from another school in dallas . now she has been arrested again after another pupil , also accused granado of having sex with him on two consecutive nights in january this year .

错误：虽然原文中说了two teens,但是summary中说的是同一个teen，不能用another

245
Kaitlyn Granado, 24, was arrested on Monday amid claims she had sex with pupil, 15, in her car on consecutive nights in January . A Texas math teacher has been accused of having sex with an underage pupil from a Texas high school a month after she was arrested for letting another teenage touch her breasts. Kaitlyn Granado, 24, a teacher at MacArthur High School in Irving, was first arrested on March 19 for having an inappropriate relationship with a 15-year-old student, and was released on bail. Now she has been arrested again after another pupil, also aged 15, also accused Granado of having sex with him on two consecutive nights in January this year. According to the affidavit, seen by the Star-Telegram, the teen claims the sexual relationship took place in her car late at night on January 18 and 19 across the road from another school in Dallas. The abuse came to light after a school police officer learned of a possible relationship between Granado and one of the boys last month. She was arrested on March 19, and in a police interview she admitted kissing the pupil and allowing him to touch her breasts in April the previous year, according to the Dallas Morning News. She was subsequently suspended from teaching and put on administrative leave by school officials. At the time, detectives said they didn't think she had been in a relationship with any other pupils, but just days later, on March 24, officers quizzed a second boy about a possible relationship with her. A spokesman for the police department said: 'There was some discussion, some rumoring, there may have been a second person involved. 'That information came from within the school, and it turned out to be true.' Granado, who is a maths teacher at MacArthur High School in Irving, Texas (pictured), was also arrested last month when she admitted kissing another boy, also 15, and lettin him touch her breasts . Granado was booked into Irving County Jail for the second time on Monday, and released after posting a $50,000 bail. It is not known how Granado intends to plead to the second set of charges against her. A spokesman for Irving school district said: 'While privacy laws prevent us from sharing specific details, we can reassure our families that we took immediate and appropriate action. 'Being on administrative leave prevents her from working with students and being present on any Irving ISD property.'

kaitlyn granado was arrested on monday amid claims she had sex with pupil , 15 , in her car on consecutive nights in january . she also accused granado of having sex with him on two nights . kaitlyn granado , 24 , was first arrested on march 19 for having inappropriate relationship with a 15-year-old student . she was arrested for letting another teenage touch her breasts . the sexual relationship took place in her car late at night on january 18 and 19 across the road from another school in dallas .

错误：she also accused granado of having sex with him on two nights应该是he

278
He may not be playing much at Manchester United but Anders Lindegaard certainly has a lot to smile about off the pitch as he enjoyed a spot of sunshine with stunning wife Misse Beqiri. Lindegaard tied the knot with the Swedish model last year in a romantic beach wedding in Mauritius. And the United goalkeeper, who has struggled for minutes throughout his career in Manchester, was keen to remind fans via his Instagram page of his marriage to stunning Beqiri. Manchester United goalkeeper Anders Lindegaard made the most of the English weather with Misse Beqiri . Lindegaard tied the knot with the stunning model last year and the couple have a son together . Danish international Lindegaard posted a link to Beqiri's Instagram account with the message: 'Day off with my sunshine @missebeqiri #cheshire #manchester' The Swedish beauty, who has Albanian roots, likes to flaunt her good looks on Instagram and regularly posts pictures while she's modelling at work. Lindegaard and Beqiri, who have a son together, have been dating since 2012. The 31-year-old moved to the Premier League in 2010 after signing from Norwegian side Aalesunds but has failed to make an impact. Beqiri, who is Swedish but has Albanian roots, regularly posts modelling photos on her Instagram page . With over 17,000 followers on Instagram, Beqiri made sure she showed her new haircut to her legion of fans . Lindegaard and Beqiri have been dating since 2012 and they married in a romantic Mauritius beach wedding . In five seasons, he has made just 19 league appearances and has been restricted to cup matches during his time in Manchester. With David de Gea in exceptional form under Louis van Gaal and Victor Valdes signing for the Red Devils in January, Lindegaard is now third-choice at Old Trafford. Lindergaard, who has been told he can leave United, was linked with a move to FC Midtjylland in January but the two clubs could not agree on a price. But despite his failure on the pitch, he's definitely winning away from it. The Denmark international (right) has struggled for regular football at Old Trafford since arriving in 2010 .

swedish international lindegaard posted a link to beqiri 's instagram account with the message : ' day off with my sunshine @ missebeqiri # cheshire # manchester ' . danish beauty , who has albanian roots , regularly posts pictures while she 's modelling at work . lindegaard and beqiri have been dating since 2012 .

错误：是danish不是swedish international

313
Barcelona club president Josep Maria Bartomeu has insisted that the La Liga leaders have no plans to replace Luis Enrique and they're 'very happy' with him. The 44-year-old took only took charge of the club last summer, signing a two-year-deal, and is only six games away from winning the title. Despite speculation this season that Enrique will be replaced in the summer, Bartomeu refuted these claims and says he's impressed with how the manager has performed. Luis Enrique only took charge at the club last summer and has impressed during his tenure . Barcelona president Josep Maria Bartemou says the club are 'very happy' with Enrique's performance . 'There's a lot of time to talk about his contract in the future,' the Barca president told bySPORT. 'Luis Enrique is concentrating on La Liga and on everything he needs to do in relation to the team. 'After the Champions League game against PSG in Paris on Wednesday, I saw how hard he worked on preparing for the game against Valencia [on Saturday]. 'He has a contract until 2016 and we are very happy with him because Barca are one of the few clubs in the world that are going into the final stretch of the season still capable of winning three trophies.' Enrique's side comfortably dispatched of Champions League chasing Valencia on Saturday, with goals from Luis Suarez and Lionel Messi. Luis Suarez opened the scoring for Barcelona after just one minute against high-flying Valencia . Lionel Messi scored the second after rounding Diego Alves and slotting home at the Nou Camp .

barcelona club president josep maria bartomeu says the la liga leaders are ` very happy ' with him . the 44-year-old took only charge of the club last summer . luis enrique only took charge at club last summer . enrique will be replaced in the summer , bartomeu refuted claims .

错误：no plan to replace luis，不是luis enrique will be replaced in the summer

415
(CNN)SpaceX on Tuesday launched a two-stage Falcon 9 rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft called Dragon on a flight from Cape Canaveral, Florida, to the International Space Station. That was the easy part. In a difficult bid to land a rocket stage on a floating barge for the first time, the private space exploration company  was unsuccessful. SpaceX founder Elon Musk tweeted: "Ascent successful. Dragon enroute to Space Station. Rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival." He later clarified that the rocket landed, but tipped over. SpaceX tried to land a Falcon 9 on the drone ship in January, but the rocket hit at an angle and exploded. SpaceX has said it will keep trying and, after it masters landing at sea, hopes to someday land rockets on the ground. Usually booster rockets burn up in Earth's atmosphere or, like NASA's space shuttle boosters, they fall back into the ocean. So why try to land one? Musk wants to cut costs. On his company's website, he says that if anyone can figure out how to "reuse rockets just like airplanes, the cost of access to space will be reduced by as much as a factor of a hundred." What about the rest of the rocket and the Dragon? The smaller, top part of the rocket will carry the Dragon into orbit and then break away from the cargo ship and burn up in Earth's atmosphere. The Dragon will dock with the space station a couple of days after launch to deliver more than 4,300 pounds (1,950 kilograms) of supplies, including research equipment and ISSpresso, an espresso maker that astronauts can use to make coffee and tea. The space station crew will spend about five weeks unpacking the Dragon. They'll then stuff it with over 3,000 pounds of science experiments, trash and other stuff to send back to Earth. When they're done, Dragon will leave the space station and mission controllers will guide it to splashdown in the Pacific Ocean off California. This is the sixth SpaceX mission to the International Space Station. The company was the first private space contractor to dock with the station. Tuesday's launch was the second attempt for this mission. Monday's planned launch was scrubbed due to weather. CNN's Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report.

spacex launches two-stage falcon 9 rocket carrying uncrewed cargo spacecraft . the private space exploration company was unsuccessful . spacex tried to land a falcon 9 on the drone ship in january . he later clarified that the rocket landed , but tipped over .

错误： the private space exploration company was unsuccessful 是任务unsuccessful,不是公司

603
Carlos Tevez has been told to terminate his contract with Juventus to complete a return to his former club Boca Juniors in Argentina. The former Manchester City striker's deal with the Serie A champions does not expire until the end of next season but he has reportedly told the club he wishes to leave this summer. Boca have confirmed they are close to completing a deal for the 31-year-old, but club president Daniel Angelici has stressed that Tevez must terminate his contract with the Italians first. Carlos Tevez has shocked Juventus by suggesting he wants to leave the club this summer . Tevez is on course to win a second Serie A title with the Old Lady and still has a shot at European glory . 'We must be careful', Angelici told TYC Sports. 'We know that he wants to return to Argentina with Boca Juniors but he must first terminate his contract with Juventus, which runs until 2016. 'We are close to sealing his return and it will be done shortly.' The Argentina international joined Boca's youth academy in 1996 and went on to score 26 league goals in 76 appearances for the club before joining Corinthians in 2005. Although Juventus are reluctant to lose the league's top scorer - Tevez has netted 17 times this season - they have accepted the player wants to leave and have already started identifying potential replacements. Italian paper Tuttosport claims the 31-year-old has already decided to leave the club this summer . Tevez has always said he intends to finish his career back at his first club Boca Juniors in Argentina . Carlos Tevez                             17 . Mauro Icardi                              16 . Jeremy Menez                          16 . Tevez's international manager Tata Martino claims any potential move would have no bearing on the player's Argentina future. 'The most important thing for me is that Tevez continues to play as well as he is at the moment,' Martino told Italian paper Tuttosport. 'It doesn't matter whether that's at Juventus or Boca. Only he'll know what's best for his future. 'I will say this, though: Juventus are a great team, but so are Boca Juniors. It wouldn't be a step down.'

carlos tevez has been told to terminate his contract with juventus . the former manchester city striker has been linked to boca juniors in argentina . the argentina international joined boca 's youth academy in 1996 . he is on course to win a second serie a title with the old lady . the serie a champions does not expire until the end of next season .

错误：是deal does not expire不是serie a champions

653
outspoken mp bob katter has risked being drawn into a race row . mr katter said he would quit after he was accused of domestic violence . he says he 's been personally subjected to racist attitudes from both major parties . federal mp bob katter accusing queensland government of assuming billy gordon . mr gordon was forced to quit the queensland labor party last week .

outspoken mp bob katter has risked being drawn into a race row . mr katter said he would quit after he was accused of domestic violence . he says he 's been personally subjected to racist attitudes from both major parties . federal mp bob katter accusing queensland government of assuming billy gordon . mr gordon was forced to quit the queensland labor party last week .

错误：是Mr Gordon would quit，不是mr katter said he would quit

758
After Chelsea forward Eden Hazard had scored give his side a 1-0 lead against Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday, the Sky Sports punditry team were convinced that there had been a foul in the build-up. Chelsea captain John Terry had come in with a strong challenge from behind on United striker Radamel Falcao which sent the Colombian hurtling to the ground. Blues midfielder Cesc Fabregas then collected the loose ball and released it to Oscar before his back-heel sent it into the path of the oncoming Hazard to slot home. Chelsea defender John Terry comes in from behind with a strong challenge on Radamel Falcao . Terry's challenge on Falcao came during the build-up to Eden Hazard's opening goal for Chelsea . The Manchester United striker struggles to hold his grand and loses the ball to Terry near the half-way line . Terry's strong challenge leads to a loose ball that is picked up by Cesc Fabregas to start of the scoring move . Without taking anything away from the sublime spectacle of the goal, pundits Thierry Henry, Jamie Redknapp and Graeme Souness agreed during their half-time analysis that play should have been stopped for Terry's rough tackle on Falcao. Souness said, 'It's a decent forearm smash. I mean he does stick his elbow in the back of Falcao's head and that's a foul.' He added, 'If that elbow's not there he's not going down like that.' Former Arsenal captain Henry, meanwhile, felt sympathy for Falcao as a fellow striker. Asked if he would have wanted a foul in that position as a player, the Frenchman responded, 'Yes, all day long.' Finally, Redknapp admitted that while Falcao could have possibly done better to stay on his feet, Terry's challenge from behind shouldn't have gone unpunished. 'I think he could have been stronger, but it's still a foul.' Sky pundits Graeme Souness (left), Thierry Henry (centre) and Jamie Redknapp agree Terry fouled Falcao .

eden hazard scored a 1-0 lead against manchester united . cesc fabregas and cesc fabregas to start of the scoring . terry 's challenge on falcao came during the build-up to eden hazard 's opening goal for chelsea .

错误：是scoring move,不是只scoring

#our result check
74
After Chelsea forward Eden Hazard had scored give his side a 1-0 lead against Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday, the Sky Sports punditry team were convinced that there had been a foul in the build-up. Chelsea captain John Terry had come in with a strong challenge from behind on United striker Radamel Falcao which sent the Colombian hurtling to the ground. Blues midfielder Cesc Fabregas then collected the loose ball and released it to Oscar before his back-heel sent it into the path of the oncoming Hazard to slot home. Chelsea defender John Terry comes in from behind with a strong challenge on Radamel Falcao . Terry's challenge on Falcao came during the build-up to Eden Hazard's opening goal for Chelsea . The Manchester United striker struggles to hold his grand and loses the ball to Terry near the half-way line . Terry's strong challenge leads to a loose ball that is picked up by Cesc Fabregas to start of the scoring move . Without taking anything away from the sublime spectacle of the goal, pundits Thierry Henry, Jamie Redknapp and Graeme Souness agreed during their half-time analysis that play should have been stopped for Terry's rough tackle on Falcao. Souness said, 'It's a decent forearm smash. I mean he does stick his elbow in the back of Falcao's head and that's a foul.' He added, 'If that elbow's not there he's not going down like that.' Former Arsenal captain Henry, meanwhile, felt sympathy for Falcao as a fellow striker. Asked if he would have wanted a foul in that position as a player, the Frenchman responded, 'Yes, all day long.' Finally, Redknapp admitted that while Falcao could have possibly done better to stay on his feet, Terry's challenge from behind shouldn't have gone unpunished. 'I think he could have been stronger, but it's still a foul.' Sky pundits Graeme Souness (left), Thierry Henry (centre) and Jamie Redknapp agree Terry fouled Falcao .

After Chelsea forward Eden Hazard had scored give his side a 1-0 lead against Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday, the Sky Sports punditry team were convinced that there had been a foul in the build-up. Chelsea captain John Terry had come in with a strong challenge from behind on United striker Radamel Falcao which sent the Colombian hurtling to the ground. Blues midfielder Cesc Fabregas then collected the loose ball and released it to Oscar before his back-heel sent it into the path of the oncoming Hazard to slot home. Chelsea defender John Terry comes in from behind with a strong challenge on Radamel Falcao . Terry's challenge on Falcao came during the build-up to Eden Hazard's opening goal for Chelsea . The Manchester United striker struggles to hold his grand and loses the ball to Terry near the half-way line . Terry's strong challenge leads to a loose ball that is picked up by Cesc Fabregas to start of the scoring move . Without taking anything away from the sublime spectacle of the goal, pundits Thierry Henry, Jamie Redknapp and Graeme Souness agreed during their half-time analysis that play should have been stopped for Terry's rough tackle on Falcao. Souness said, 'It's a decent forearm smash. I mean he does stick his elbow in the back of Falcao's head and that's a foul.' He added, 'If that elbow's not there he's not going down like that.' Former Arsenal captain Henry, meanwhile, felt sympathy for Falcao as a fellow striker. Asked if he would have wanted a foul in that position as a player, the Frenchman responded, 'Yes, all day long.' Finally, Redknapp admitted that while Falcao could have possibly done better to stay on his feet, Terry's challenge from behind shouldn't have gone unpunished. 'I think he could have been stronger, but it's still a foul.' Sky pundits Graeme Souness (left), Thierry Henry (centre) and Jamie Redknapp agree Terry fouled Falcao .

错误：是 Dr. Christopher Kuhar said,不是official said

170
(CNN)The classic video game "Space Invaders" was developed in Japan back in the late 1970's -- and now their real-life counterparts are the topic of an earnest political discussion in Japan's corridors of power. Luckily, Japanese can sleep soundly in their beds tonight as the government's top military official earnestly revealed that the country's Air Self Defense Force (ASDF) had never encountered an extraterrestrial unidentified flying object. Responding to a query from flamboyant former wrestler-turned-lawmaker Antonio Inoki, Defense Minister Gen Nakatani told the Diet, Japan's parliament, that his jets had, to date, never come across any UFOs from outer space. "When the Air Self Defense Force detects indications of an unidentified flying object that could violate our country's airspace, it scrambles fighter jets if necessary and makes visual observation," Nakatani said. He continued: "They sometimes find birds or flying objects other than aircraft but I don't know of a case of finding an unidentified flying object believed to have come over from anywhere other than Earth." Inoki has appeared in the U.S.-based WWE -- which describes him as "among the most respected men in sports-entertainment" -- and is the founder of the New Japan Pro Wrestling organization. He entered Japan's Upper House for a second stint in politics in 2013. He also famously fought Muhammad Ali in 1976, in one of the first-ever mixed-discipline matches, which would later pave the way for today's wildly popular Mixed Martial Arts contests. Before his return to politics he was a regular fixture on Japanese TV variety shows and has promoted a slew of products, from hot sauce to banks. The maverick politician also traveled to Iraq in 1990 to try to secure the release of Japanese hostages, and has more recently attempted to replicate former NBA star Dennis Rodman's "basketball diplomacy" by staging a wrestling tournament in North Korea. He reportedly converted to Islam in the 1990s, although he says he practices both Islam and Buddhism. The lawmaker, who is universally known in Japan for his colossal chin and once-ever-present red scarf -- these days often replaced with a red necktie -- as much as for his political achievements, had asked a Upper House Budget Committee meeting if aircraft were ever scrambled to meet extraterrestrial threats, and if research was being done into alien visitors, prompting Nakatani's response. Inoki also claims to have seen a UFO with his own eyes, but admitted that he didn't know personally if aliens existed. The exchange wasn't the first time Japanese politicians have discussed the implications of visitors from another planet. In 2007 then-Defense Minister Shigeru Ishiba pondered the legal ramifications, under Japan's pacifist constitution, of a defense against an invasion from outer space. READ MORE: Japan unveils Izumo, its largest warship since World War II .

`` space invaders '' was developed in japan back in the late 1970 's -- and now their real-life counterparts are the topic of an earnest political discussion in japan 's corridors of power . luckily , japanese can sleep soundly in their beds tonight as the government 's top military official earnestly . inoki has appeared in the u.s.-based wwe -- which describes him as `` among the most respected men in sports-entertainment '' .

错误：as the government 's top military official earnestly 话都没说完


244
Kaitlyn Granado, 24, was arrested on Monday amid claims she had sex with pupil, 15, in her car on consecutive nights in January . A Texas math teacher has been accused of having sex with an underage pupil from a Texas high school a month after she was arrested for letting another teenage touch her breasts. Kaitlyn Granado, 24, a teacher at MacArthur High School in Irving, was first arrested on March 19 for having an inappropriate relationship with a 15-year-old student, and was released on bail. Now she has been arrested again after another pupil, also aged 15, also accused Granado of having sex with him on two consecutive nights in January this year. According to the affidavit, seen by the Star-Telegram, the teen claims the sexual relationship took place in her car late at night on January 18 and 19 across the road from another school in Dallas. The abuse came to light after a school police officer learned of a possible relationship between Granado and one of the boys last month. She was arrested on March 19, and in a police interview she admitted kissing the pupil and allowing him to touch her breasts in April the previous year, according to the Dallas Morning News. She was subsequently suspended from teaching and put on administrative leave by school officials. At the time, detectives said they didn't think she had been in a relationship with any other pupils, but just days later, on March 24, officers quizzed a second boy about a possible relationship with her. A spokesman for the police department said: 'There was some discussion, some rumoring, there may have been a second person involved. 'That information came from within the school, and it turned out to be true.' Granado, who is a maths teacher at MacArthur High School in Irving, Texas (pictured), was also arrested last month when she admitted kissing another boy, also 15, and lettin him touch her breasts . Granado was booked into Irving County Jail for the second time on Monday, and released after posting a $50,000 bail. It is not known how Granado intends to plead to the second set of charges against her. A spokesman for Irving school district said: 'While privacy laws prevent us from sharing specific details, we can reassure our families that we took immediate and appropriate action. 'Being on administrative leave prevents her from working with students and being present on any Irving ISD property.'

kaitlyn granado , 24 , was arrested on monday amid claims she had sex with pupil , 15 , in her car on consecutive nights in january . the teen claims the sexual relationship took place in her car late at night on january 18 and 19 across the road from another school in dallas . now she has been arrested again after another pupil , also accused granado of having sex with him on two consecutive nights in january this year .

错误：虽然原文中说了two teens,但是summary中说的是同一个teen，不能用another

408
(CNN)SpaceX on Tuesday launched a two-stage Falcon 9 rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft called Dragon on a flight from Cape Canaveral, Florida, to the International Space Station. That was the easy part. In a difficult bid to land a rocket stage on a floating barge for the first time, the private space exploration company  was unsuccessful. SpaceX founder Elon Musk tweeted: "Ascent successful. Dragon enroute to Space Station. Rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival." He later clarified that the rocket landed, but tipped over. SpaceX tried to land a Falcon 9 on the drone ship in January, but the rocket hit at an angle and exploded. SpaceX has said it will keep trying and, after it masters landing at sea, hopes to someday land rockets on the ground. Usually booster rockets burn up in Earth's atmosphere or, like NASA's space shuttle boosters, they fall back into the ocean. So why try to land one? Musk wants to cut costs. On his company's website, he says that if anyone can figure out how to "reuse rockets just like airplanes, the cost of access to space will be reduced by as much as a factor of a hundred." What about the rest of the rocket and the Dragon? The smaller, top part of the rocket will carry the Dragon into orbit and then break away from the cargo ship and burn up in Earth's atmosphere. The Dragon will dock with the space station a couple of days after launch to deliver more than 4,300 pounds (1,950 kilograms) of supplies, including research equipment and ISSpresso, an espresso maker that astronauts can use to make coffee and tea. The space station crew will spend about five weeks unpacking the Dragon. They'll then stuff it with over 3,000 pounds of science experiments, trash and other stuff to send back to Earth. When they're done, Dragon will leave the space station and mission controllers will guide it to splashdown in the Pacific Ocean off California. This is the sixth SpaceX mission to the International Space Station. The company was the first private space contractor to dock with the station. Tuesday's launch was the second attempt for this mission. Monday's planned launch was scrubbed due to weather. CNN's Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report.

spacex founder elon musk tweeted : `` ascent successful . dragon dragon enroute . rocket landed on droneship , but too hard for survival '' spacex has said it will keep trying and , after it masters landing at sea .

错误：最后一句话没说完，但是我感觉很难算错···

415
(CNN)SpaceX on Tuesday launched a two-stage Falcon 9 rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft called Dragon on a flight from Cape Canaveral, Florida, to the International Space Station. That was the easy part. In a difficult bid to land a rocket stage on a floating barge for the first time, the private space exploration company  was unsuccessful. SpaceX founder Elon Musk tweeted: "Ascent successful. Dragon enroute to Space Station. Rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival." He later clarified that the rocket landed, but tipped over. SpaceX tried to land a Falcon 9 on the drone ship in January, but the rocket hit at an angle and exploded. SpaceX has said it will keep trying and, after it masters landing at sea, hopes to someday land rockets on the ground. Usually booster rockets burn up in Earth's atmosphere or, like NASA's space shuttle boosters, they fall back into the ocean. So why try to land one? Musk wants to cut costs. On his company's website, he says that if anyone can figure out how to "reuse rockets just like airplanes, the cost of access to space will be reduced by as much as a factor of a hundred." What about the rest of the rocket and the Dragon? The smaller, top part of the rocket will carry the Dragon into orbit and then break away from the cargo ship and burn up in Earth's atmosphere. The Dragon will dock with the space station a couple of days after launch to deliver more than 4,300 pounds (1,950 kilograms) of supplies, including research equipment and ISSpresso, an espresso maker that astronauts can use to make coffee and tea. The space station crew will spend about five weeks unpacking the Dragon. They'll then stuff it with over 3,000 pounds of science experiments, trash and other stuff to send back to Earth. When they're done, Dragon will leave the space station and mission controllers will guide it to splashdown in the Pacific Ocean off California. This is the sixth SpaceX mission to the International Space Station. The company was the first private space contractor to dock with the station. Tuesday's launch was the second attempt for this mission. Monday's planned launch was scrubbed due to weather. CNN's Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report.

spacex launches two-stage falcon 9 rocket carrying uncrewed cargo spacecraft . the private space exploration company was unsuccessful . spacex tried to land a falcon 9 on the drone ship in january . he later clarified that the rocket landed , but tipped over .

错误： the private space exploration company was unsuccessful 是任务unsuccessful,不是公司

517
(CNN)ISIS on Wednesday released more than 200 Yazidis, a minority group whose members were killed, captured and displaced when the Islamist terror organization overtook their towns in northern Iraq last summer, officials said. Most of those released were women and children; the rest were ill or elderly, said Rassol Omar, a commander in the Peshmerga force that defends  northern Iraq's semi-autonomous Kurdish region. Omar didn't say what led to the release, other than asserting that Arab tribal leaders helped to coordinate it. The freed Yazidis were received by Peshmerga, who sent them to the Kurdish regional capital, Irbil, said Nuri Osman, an official with Iraq's Kurdistan Regional Government. It wasn't immediately clear what motivated Wednesday's release, Osman said. Osman said 217 Yazidis were released. Omar, the Peshmerga commander, had a higher count: 228. ISIS previously released scores of other Yazidis -- largely children and the elderly -- since attacking the group's towns last year. The Sunni Islamist militant group steamrolled into Iraq's north last summer, forcing hundreds of thousands of minorities -- Yazidis among them -- from their homes. Yazidis are of Kurdish descent, and their religion is considered a pre-Islamic sect that draws from Christianity, Judaism and Zoroastrianism. One of the oldest religious communities in the world, the Yazidis have long suffered persecution, with many Muslims referring to them as devil worshipers. ISIS' cruelty to them has been extraordinary. ISIS' conquest of the town of Sinjar, in particular, provoked a major humanitarian crisis as some Yazidis fled into the mountains -- where many became trapped for a time without food and water -- and others fled by foot into neighboring Syria. ISIS slaughtered Yazidis by the hundreds, Yian Dakhil, the only lawmaker representing the Yazidis in Iraq's Parliament, told CNN last year. Reports emerged from some Yazidi survivors that ISIS raped and enslaved female Yazidi captives. An international coalition responded, first by airdropping supplies in the mountains. Rescues came next. And then, starting in August, the United States and other nations conducted airstrikes targeting ISIS in Iraq and Syria. The U.S. State Department estimates that 500,000 Yazidis live in northern Iraq, accounting for less than 1% of the country's population. CNN's Raja Razek reported from Beirut. CNN's Jason Hanna wrote from Atlanta. CNN's Hamdi Alkshali, Faith Karimi and Yousuf Basil contributed to this report.

more than 200 yazidis , a minority group whose members were killed . most of those released were women and children ; the rest were ill or elderly . isis previously released scores of yazidis since attacking the group 's towns . yazidis were received by peshmerga , who sent them to the kurdish capital , irbil .

错误：第一句不准确

590
Residents on the east coast of Japan's Hokkaido Island had an unexpected change of scenery this morning after 1,000ft of seabed was forced to the surface overnight. The extra stretch of coastline on Shiretoko Peninsula near the town of Rausu has risen as high as 50ft from the sea surface in some places, exposing what used to be the ocean floor. Geologists believe the emergence is a result of a landslide nearby, when melting ice and snow caused a section of land to drop, pivoting the underwater area into the air. Scroll down for video . Surprise! A man stands on a clump of land that emerged overnight along the coastline of Shiretoko Peninsula near Rausu, on Hokkaido Island, Japan . 'An aerial survey indicates that the land swell happened as a result of a landslide', local researcher Yoshinori Yajima told the Hokkaido Shimbun newspaper after he flew over the area Monday. The mass, which has risen some 30 to 50ft above sea level,  measures roughly 1,000- 1,640ft long, and 100ft wide, a town official said. The new stretch of land came as a complete surprise to the locals, as there was no indication of the land movement overnight . 'The local residents said they didn't hear any sounds and there were no tremors (when the land appeared),' said Katsuhiro Tanaka, the president of the Rausu Fisheries Cooperative Association, who viewed the expanded coastline the day it was discovered. The mass, which has risen some 50ft above sea level, measures roughly 1,000- 1,640ft long, and 100ft wide . No clue: Local residents on Hokkaido island say they felt no tremors overnight, or heard any sounds to indicate movement, and that the landmass just appeared . New view: Local residents from Rausu, Hokkaido, take a look at the newly emerged coastline . Authorities have not been able to determine exactly when the landslide hit the snow-covered coastline, but they do not expect it to expand further, said an official at the central government's Hokkaido Regional Development Bureau. 'Our understanding is that this is different from earthquakes,' he told AFP. It is not believed to be related to the 7.8magnitude earthquake that struck the Kathmandu Valley on Saturday, which so far has claimed more than 4,000 lives. Under the sea: Marine organisms such as seaweed and sea urchins are still attached to the land mass .

A landslide in the area of Rausu caused an extra stretch of coastline to rise, and residents are not sure why it's happening 'It's a bit like the tsunami from the 2011 Tohoku earthquake,' said Tanaka. 'The ground is soft and the sea is not quite as deep as before, so we can't say exactly when the landslide happened.' The new stretch of coastline came as a complete surprise to the locals, as there was no indication of the

错误：said Tanaka，这些话这个人并没有说

624
Ten people, including four children, have been involved in a multi-vehicle crash in Brisbane's west. Three vehicles collided on the Brisbane Valley Highway, 2km south of Fernvale, on Wednesday afternoon. A 40-year-old man with chest and shoulder injuries and a five-year-old boy with chest pain were the first patients flown out by rescue helicopter. They've been taken to the Princess Alexandra Hospital in Brisbane. Shortly after, a 27-year-old woman with arm injuries and a six-year-old girl suffering from abdominal pain were also being flown out. The three car pileup happened at on the Brisbane Valley Highway, near Fernvale . Six others - including an infant and two young girls - have been taken to Ipswich Hospital with minor injuries or for further assessment. A man has also suffered hand lacerations and two females escaped injuries. The affected stretch of the highway has been closed off, with diversions in place south of Fernvale. The Courier-Mail reports that earlier emergency crews found one person trapped inside their vehicle and Queensland Fire and Rescue crews used hydraulic cutting gear to free them. The Rescue 500 helicopter then landed at the scene and airlifted a number of patients to hospital. Police said the highway would be closed for a few hours with diversions in place south of Fernvale.

One person was trapped inside their car. The helicopter landed at the scene and airlifted a number of patients to hospital. © Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2018

错误：© Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2018这个东西原文里根本没出现过



